hence its depoliticizing character--the democracy of objects signals the commodification of objects once antagonism is reduced to difference
niter's folks from Florida.
The lab tech at my hematologists office jumped ecstatically when she saw I had a said I made her day.Am I that bad of a hard stick?
No excuse, but no need to jump off the bridge. Let all the band wagoners and haters show themselves! Stay with me people a lot of game left ! Band wagoners time to go real fans stand up Salute to wagon war heroes of the Wolds - Yorkshire Post: Salute to wagon war heroes of the WoldsYorkshire PostThe Wagoners h.. and for the record this ain't no MJ tribute. they were leaking MJ joints before his death so don't call them no band wagoners It won't let me read Isabelle Wagoners teet AGREED! Its so many band wagoners in Detroit its ridiculous. Wait til the Lions win like 10 games Running a few errands with the 4 little wagoners! you know how wagoners conduct themselves bruh...10 or more wins and suddenly "I always been a fan".. would everybody stfu about michael Jackson, just a bunch of band wagoners not shutting up Oh it's nice there. Wagoners Arms or something just down the road. Heathrow hotels are the best in Heathrow. i find it hilarious. that the brook-wagoners are all on me now. uh, this isn't your of the show. b-GONE. You betta Tell'em! TRUE ravens fans are loyal to the bone! Its them band wagoners that r unloyal! (You see that Lol)
Oh, and the desensitization idea with friends passing by is really good, and I've heard that be Probably because you work in a hospital and he (presumably) doesn't. Desensitization has its advantages. One ear or both? Tried allergy desensitization or Aciclovir...? Desensitization nation: Increasing trends in movie violence - Concordian Media Desensitization Ploy. Peaceful Protest Blocked at Pittsburgh G20 How have you used as a memorial, reminder of abuse & challenging desensitization? Please R/T! (via Cooke: endorses eye movement desensitization therapy, cognitive behavioral therapy for CF. How have you used as a memorial, reminder of abuse & challenging desensitization? Please R/T! How have you used as a memorial, reminder of abuse & challenging desensitization? Please R/T! How have you used as a memorial, reminder of abuse & challenging desensitization? Please R/T! i spending a few minutes cleaning up my net accounts, then off to the doctor for my weekly desensitization shot Or, if you're trying to get attention from your instructor, make your movie Bully and talk about desensitization through media. why do people get offended or shocked by anything anymore? i'm for desensitization. get over it. get over everything. I think you need a course of Systematic desensitization. No, not in Cali. Starvation and desensitization to humans have made them quite fearless. Sad, really. I got over crippling anxiety attacks 25 years ago with ZERO drugs, only desensitization & self hypnosis/relaxation techniques. Hey gurl..i was just lookin thru your pics & saw that one of Kim..made me want to comment on the desensitization of our society! Could it be desensitization? - I blame crime in Honduras (and news coverage of said crime) for my desensitization. would you be shocked that there are non-academic allergists in the community attempting food desensitization? Ball game. Bucs are 0-2. Let the desensitization to disappointment commence.
one word, stabilizers. what kind of stabilizers did you use? local dude has offered me his gyro if i ever need it. Worked on IT bands of soccer player. Hip stabilizers are overworked from all the running. Oh gosh...once I've taken my stabilizers off on the downhills lol. Weather/work permitting, hoping to be back up Hayfield, Friday New blog post: Interfacings, fusibles, and stabilizers Been learning my best mates daughter to ride without stabilizers today. Within 10 minutes she rode off so quickly I had to run to keep up. At park while P teaches Eldest to ride bike without stabilizers. Could b here a while. Glorious day tho! if u got the high def one they're a little bit skaky from on bike, but editing programs have stabilizers that work well Things to get: mood stabilizers, blue glow stick, Torrid for special order, and then come home to cut up a real cute :3 Stayed strong and left the stabilizers on tonight.... Wet seasons has created nitrogen-deficient corn fields. N stabilizers could help, but examine when they pay Do you know of any handheld stabilizers for the Vado HD. Typical problem with it has been stabilization an I know you had one. Just completed 2hr workout -cardio-strength -core-stabilizers,resistance feeling great now! New Product @ the shows! Seakeeper gyroscopic stabilizers are the most effective zero-speed anti-rolling devices ever made You get him, woman! They *can* be used as mood stabilizers but I don't understand why he didn't try an atypical antipsychotic. The 747 is gutted - only a few seats & structurally reinforced; tail stabilizers added. Wikipedia: same case , servo stabilizers gone, two machines gone,, ridiculous !! I thought about that as well. I'm sure the tether can b improved & maybe some stabilizers to slow down the spin. Let's work on it! WOAH, totally almost ODed on my muscle relaxers instead of taking my mood stabilizers!!! O.O I really must read the labels! I have an Like a Whitman's Sampler of "stabilizers." :) Cheers buddy - I'll wear the speedbump stabilizers ;-) Suppliers of rolling contact type automatic voltage stabilizers, silicon rectifiers, static transformers Anyone who has to deal with carpal tunnel, I strongly recommend wrist stabilizers from Wal-Greens. 2 Weeks of shooting pain gone in 2 days. 2: you can tell a hippie undergrounder's rank by his ear gauge diameter; bigwigs all carry 1st-gen ipods embedded with mood stabilizers I have full faith in u 2 see n take the positive in front of u! we all need stabilizers, they're of life eh Servo Voltage Stabilizers for SELL: We are offering excellent range of servo voltage stabilizer with the followi.. DOC for chronic asthma treatme is it mast cell stabilizers ugh I have been EVERYWHERE hahaha antidepressants, benzos, anticonvulsants, mood stabilizers, the list goes on... made "Corrective Exercise: Scapular Stabilizers on The Fitter" public on viddler: Heading to DV Expo in pasadena CA. Will have cranes, motion control heads, stabilizers. New video: Scapular Stabilizers on The Fitter There is still room in Pat Rodger's lecture on September 24 at 6 pm. "Needles, Threads and Stabilizers Too" ... All you need is love. If that should fail, a few mood stabilizers and a stun gun ought to do the trick. LMAO ABOUT EXTRA STABILIZERS!! Im good thanks hun, u? what u up to? That makes sense. It's also good for building shoulder strength, especially stabilizers, to prepare for military press depends on diagnosis. You should be assessed by a psychiatrist. Some ppl need mood stabilizers instead of antidepressants SRSLY. X-Wings need better stabilizers. They are always popping off and R2 can't lock them down. looks like Tracey Morgan took some stabilizers tonight DIARY: The New Fascism, Spoilt brats, Nick Clegg, Paraphernalia, Automatic stabilizers, Dan Brown:
"The Police are now Militarized" - Iran's communication becomes militarized: IRGC ousts other contester for not meeting "security" and becomes sole bidder! 1 of the things that i agree w/ Mr. wingnut himself Alex Jones on is: the militarized police thing has bn emerging 4 yrs. We are in a total militarized police state. Are you following the events of the G20 Summit in Pitt? The sight of troops on the streets of America is now commonplace as the "land of the free" sinks into a militarized police state. these militarized exercises the pigs practiced in pittsburgh have me way more worried than any of the rest. Totally agree these militarized exercises the pigs practiced in pittsburgh have me way more worried than any of the rest. these militarized exercises the pigs practiced in pittsburgh have me way more worried than any of the rest. [ :( ] these militarized exercises the pigs practiced in pittsburgh have me way more worried than any of the rest. nice chats with and others at the militarized Spuiplein cops are wayyy to militarized...really all that force? hate them CNN Video Covering The Orwellian Militarized Police State In Pittsburgh PA For The G-20 Today was a tour to the DMZ (de-militarized zone) and saw some Korea. Okay it was far away, but I saw it! Militarized Police in Pittsburgh, Sonic Weapon, Tear Gas (via G20 Militarized Police in Pittsburgh (via How to Trap a President in a Losing War: Will an already heavily militarized foreign policy geared to endless global.. Already waxing nostalgic for quiet, empty, spooky, ludicrously militarized Downtown PGH. For some reason. Militarized police continue to assault innocents: I'm walking through a militarized zone. Downtown Pittsburgh . In Pittsburgh, militarized to point of comedy, leaders dining at Carnegie Mellon, within a circular concrete wall... A refuelling tanker: A computerized EADS image of a refueling tanker KC-45, a militarized version of the Airbus.. CNN Video Covering The Orwellian Militarized Police State G-20 CNN Video Covering The Orwellian Militarized Police State In Pittsburgh PA For The G-20 IRAN to be called out for its "secret" plant to produce enriched uranium for militarized use at "Qum facility" ..NBC CNN Video The Orwellian Militarized Police State In Pgh PA For G-20 - Militarized police firing $10 bean bag rounds at G20 protestors. Pittsburgh Cops, and all other Cops, have been MILITARIZED for a long time now. But, alas, no one pays attention. MJTF Chavez: the phony warmonger (Venezuela is not a highly militarized ... In Pittsburgh now, militarized to the point of comedy, leaders dining at Carnegie Mellon, within a circular concrete wall they trucked in... CNN Video Covering The Orwellian Militarized Police State In Pittsburgh PA For The G-20 - CNN Video Covering The Orwellian Militarized Police State In Pittsburgh PA For The G-20 - News:: CNN Video Covering The Orwellian Militarized Police State In Pittsburgh PA For The G-20 CNN Video Covering The Orwellian Militarized Police State In Pittsburgh PA For The G-20 CNN Video Covering The Orwellian Militarized Police State In Pittsburgh PA For The G-20 - CNN Video Covering The Orwellian Militarized Police State In Pittsburgh PA For The G-20 CNN Video Covering The Orwellian Militarized Police State In Pittsburgh PA For The G-20 - Welcome to Pittsburgh, America's newest militarized zone! Obama Bullshit on Nukes 3: US is most militarized country on If O really wants to de-nuke, it's only b/c US has so many alternatives Chavez: the phony warmonger (Venezuela is not a highly militarized ...: The data allegedly retrieved by the Colo.. Welcome to Pittsburgh, America's newest militarized zone! I'm not anti-gov't but it is scary how they can shutdown our city and make it a secured militarized zone. Signs of the times. Looking at pictures of downtown Pittsburgh becoming a militarized for the G-20 Summit at the DLCC. So very surreal. militarized in the sense of space-based weaponry. You know, something that goes IMMA FIRIN' MAH LAZER at missiles and such. Space has been militarized since we could explore it. What gave you that crazy idea?
The Infallibility of Canonizations (from Unam Sanctam Catholicam)
Excel FREE webinar today. Querying, and Subtotaling an Excel Database." There is still time to sign up as... Join our FREE Excel Webinar tomorrow, Thursday at 11:30 AM. We will be discussing, Querying, and Subtotaling an Excel Database" Come to Querying, & Subtotaling an Excel Database"" Thursday, September 24 from 11:30 am to 12:15 pm. Do...
- four color to the front page of the globe and mutual fund era goiter to the rom - visual wrap atop nullity = sig? when they get a scare that randy might have cancer. It was called a goiter. Lol my again (literally) :(( my test results for goiter is normal. :) this Goiter of a bug bite can go to hell and DIE now. Maybe its because ive been playing "Real Lives" and all of the characters are born in 3rd world nations and develop goiter at the age of 2. Goiter-ball is pounding ball down Swagger-U's throat so far. Weather isn't helping Miami, but don't think is well suited to power football. HE got a huge goiter i got a huge goiter Fighting arm goiter: It as a mere snicker. A tee-hee that morphed into the kind of laughter that sugges.. Oxnard is a really ugly name for a city. Sounds like a medical condition. "It was a goiter first, then it became an oxnard." goiter-ball is at the U's mercy Goiter and Thyroid Nodule Self-Examination Please don't say "goiter" No one in this bar appears to have hypothyroidism...fairly good-lookin' crowd without dry course hair, obesity, puffiness, goiter. Sweet goiter from Adrien, a few days ago: Nadine is talking to Mitch about goiters. Apparently she and her mother both have had goiter operations. This is disturbing. thought i saw a woman with a goiter. turns out she was holding a baby If was approved, Ann Coulter could finally have a doctor take a look at that goiter in the middle of her neck. Just sayin'. It depends. For a web site yes. For a goiter, not so good. it a blast? Other thn pics-U lked great blue top! In pic I lked like had goiter& 5X bigger than am-losing 40lbs! If was approved, Ann Coulter could finally have a doctor take a look at that goiter in the middle of her neck. Just sayin'. uhmmmmm,,,i wish that my goiter problem will be ok..we are financially down. Does Glutathione Can Help Cure My Goiter Or My ... did I say smg? that was the codeine talking. it means shaking my goiter Pants Down for Lansdowne. (I don't know who made this up, but I'll deep massage their goiter, God bless.) I'm thinking of growing a goiter. I suspect it will make me look distinguished. If was approved, Ann Coulter could finally have a doctor take a look at that goiter in the middle of her neck. Just sayin'. I think the goiter was on the LEFT side of his neck. I see this goiter is still around George Lamb You go, goiter! Forecast for today: mostly angry with a chance of goiter I just think that goiter is the weirdest word in the world. non-toxic Goiter goiter Ha ha ha! How I envy your friend. She gets to discover the library cop, Seinfeld's parents & goiter lady for the first time. at IAD waiting to board our flight to London, 1st leg of EU journey and I bought "goiter" pillows for the trip.19.99! Steep! at IAD waiting to board our flight to London, 1st leg of EU journey and I bought "goiter" pillows for the trip.19.99! Steep!
Glad to see editorialized on Reno's pressing news of the day: Bank overdraft fees It *was* quite good. I editorialized the version I made (of course) adding lemon zest and red chili flakes. Congratulating USDA for new iniative allowing Farmers Mkts on Post Office We first editorialized for this nine years ago. The LA Times editorialized in favor of our reform bill - still remains to be seen whether governor will... NYT: If Palestinian life valuable as Salmon, might have editorialized abt Goldstone Tweeting; this form of micro blogging in 140 characters; is really a form of journalism in an editorialized & autobiographical sense. NYT: If Palestinian life were as valuable as Salmon, we might've editorialized re:Goldstone rep NYT: If Palestinian life were as valuable as Salmon, we might have editorialized about the Goldstone NYT: If Palestinian life were as valuable as Salmon, we might have editorialized about the Goldstone NYT: If Palestinian life were as valuable as Salmon, we might have editorialized about the Goldstone NYT: If Palestinian life were as valuable as Salmon, we might have editorialized about the Goldstone Meet the Press has definitely gone downhill. Divisive and editorialized, just like every other "news" show. Gregory stinks. I miss I 100% agree with this editorial - someone editorialized a bit on the unconference board - Looks like someone editorialized a bit on the unconference board - Looks like someone editorialized a bit on the unconference board
JSON, I will punch you straight in the face if you don't serializing when I get to 10. 1.....2.....3.......4..... now Oh, wow. We're serializing Tim Hamilton's graphic novel adaptation of Oh, wow. We're serializing Tim Hamilton's graphic novel adaptation of Ray Bradbury's F451: We're serializing Tim Hamilton's graphic novel adaptation of Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451, check it out: I'm serializing a new story on my blog, and I'd like your feedback. Check out the first installment: Wrote the blog entry for the overnight posting of It's about serializing a novel as an unpublished novelist. Nature Red in Tooth and Claw: I [post]: I am serializing, like Oliver Wendell Holmes. Iain Banks's new thriller TRANSITION as a free podcast: Alex sez, "In a first for Orbit, we're serializing the a.. Iain Banks's new thriller TRANSITION as a free podcast: Alex sez, "In a first for Orbit, we're serializing the a.. Alex sez, "In a first for Orbit, we're serializing the abridged audio edition of Transition by Iain M. Banks as .. Iain Banks's new thriller TRANSITION as a free podcast: Alex sez, "In a first for Orbit, we're serializing the a.. Also liking strict adaptation of PKD's Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep. The future of serializing lit? Progress slow on novel writing. Thinking about serializing a story on-line over the next few months. Apocalyptic-like. The Sankei paper that Futabasha's Manga Town magazine will continue serializing the Crayon...
Mr. Twitter & the End Times: Classic. Thanks for sending. I'll stop editorializing your viewing experience now. ;) Enjoy. - thought of you two when I first saw this sign: The new issue: Supernatural & Twitter, cop talk, more. I know how you feel. :) Editorializing on of is fun. I could spend all day on KDKA editorializing about police tactics constantly "despite what others say".. dude, youre not translating literally, youre picking and editorializing; hire a pro! Facebook inbox: Buju Banton rescheduled for Skateland on Hull St. on Sat. Just editorializing. Facebook inbox: Buju Banton rescheduled for Skateland on Hull St. Sat. night. Just - not editorializing. who's doing the kevin interview? so much editorializing i can't clearly distinguish the Q&As fans from the sycophants Time Magazine "journalist" admits to editorializing Are we pretty much in agreement that grocery store employees should avoid editorializing your checkout process? Globe And Mail ran story in print today: "Fucked Up" appeared six times. No alterations and no editorializing. my 2p Need clear line btwn OPINION & NEWS. Its all mixed which is a too much editorializing while pretty much decided that we don't get news at all anymore, it is all editorializing remembering journalism class, something about the news v. editorializing WTF blatant editorializing in the last graph of this story?! this woman shouldn't have a job Is advocacy journalism real journalism? Does editorializing count? Is gonzo legit? Who isn't a citizen? Are amateurs motivated differently? yes Fox breaks stories, then expands them by editorializing. Fox is a perfect example or irresponsible journalism. I don't follow U. g-d? I apparent date of it, no editorializing. Why eagerly anticipate it? Will happen when happens It's back, putting a little more awe in your days:
{ rand } # randomizes an array. Simply beautiful. via I agree: I find working "out of the box" forces creativity "out of the box" (and randomizes everything a lil bit nicely)
As the sun set behind us we watched the oldest flying british plane the Blackburn monoplane- in the air yesterday at 1912!! Anyone else in Macclesfield noticed that high winged monoplane buzzing the town this afternoon? a tiny, 350-pound, single-seat monoplane. And no, it's not a car. Ford has just unveiled the "sky flivver," a tiny, 350-pound, single-seat monoplane. At the controls 1200 ft in the sky in a monoplane of And suckling pig, with black skin and maraschino eyes!
Cause yer too loyal for your own goood... *muttered and singsongy, thinking of some of the tea she'd love to share with him* Starry starry night.... Paint your palette blue and grey.. *singsongy* that movie always put me in a singsongy mood like i want to dance around the kitchen in a big dress baking pies. oh yeah Free ripped that joint and Ali singsongy flow was gettin it. That's a good one too - really "singsongy" stuff. I like singsongy. :-) Have been saying my sentences in a singsongy fashion all day long to the tune of "Single Ladies" Going to try my best and calm down. I miss the days of Nelly & ja rule they paved the way for singsongy rappers ha! EUREKA!!! (singsongy-->) I found it, I found it! In a Dane Cook CD case. Random. :D Whooo-hoooo! :D
Yellow matter custard Dripping from a dead dog's eye Crabalocker fishwife Pornographic priestess Boy, you've been ... Yellow matter custard Dripping from a dead dog's eye Crabalocker fishwife Pornographic priestess Boy, you've been a naughty girl FOXNews: Obama: Iran Must Cooperate or Face Consequences: <---Translation: Obama will nag you like a fishwife and nothing more. Last day of my twenties today, eek! Still I have been an old fishwife for years so I shouldn't have much to worry about. Have to go work again at 4.. Hoping that fishwife won't be there today :) nag nag nag just like a fishwife this thing is or any wife really, women in general, never stop nagging... running away now Your candy is sugar-free, Fishwife! "... the life you should seek, for this is the best life a can hope to achieve." - The fishwife Sidur to Gilgamesh (2100 BC) I was in Asda yesterday and some aul fishwife open handed sneezey slobbered over myself and my girlfriend. I have just sneezed - You're the housewife, I'm the fishwife! x
BBSRC: A Novel Small Molecule That Alters Shelterin Integrity and Triggers a DNA-Damage Response at Telome..
I was at an immerging media conference today and I used your as an example of bad pr for quickbooks.
Heavy rain on the 26th of September = subconscious trying to tell me that the Demigoddess alter-ego wants to go back after five years. :) I don't usually, but She's the perfect balance of City Girl, Domestic DemiGoddess .. I don't usually, but She's the perfect balance of City Girl, Domestic DemiGoddess and Total Foodie. Finally.My blog looks a bit more decent and less crowded. Will a brave soul volunteer to create an awesomely demigoddess-like header for me? I just keep hearing "geezer".... Not what Bill wants to hear, I'm sure. :) Oh no you don't! This will not stand! No woman will want to make out with someone nicknamed The Beezer! The Celani known as Leryale of becomes a Demigoddess this day. Hey Demi Moore.. oops, I mean Demigoddess.. How are you today? ;-)
On my list for productivity today: baking bread and working on agronomy assignment. i doing m.sc.ag.(agronomy) in anand(gujrat) Homecoming Float comm. Tues @ 7:45am. Agronomy practice Thursday at 7pm. Football game Friday night. HI ALL MY NAME IS JOSE ALEJANDRO OLIVARES IM ING. AGRONOMY Agronomy Manager: Category : AgronomyLocation/City : KS - Kansas ag retail center seeking agr.. Agronomy Trial Intern- Illinois - Business Unit Job - Illinois ... Agronomy Trial Intern- Indiana - Business Unit Job - Indiana Un... Farmers Cooperative is Hiring: grain laborer/agronomy laborer (Britt, IA) Farmers Cooperative is Hiring: grain and agronomy laborer (Odebolt, IA) This months edition of Beck's Hybrid's CropTalk is now available online at The big Agronomy Farm tour is tonight that social has been planning. Hope it goes well... Gene Takle, professor of agronomy, will be featured on "The Daily Show w/ Jon tonight at 10 on Comedy Central. Gene Takle, professor of agronomy, will be featured on "The Daily Show with Jon tonight at 10 on Comedy Central. and Agronomy: moved and Agronomy]] to over redirect.. and Agronomy: moved and Agronomy]] to over redirect.. Heading back from the Monsanto Agronomy Learning Center in Monmouth...it was a great trip and I got a camo Asgrow hat Research Assistant - Agronomy: The agronomy research assistant will be responsible for the agronomy e.. In the afternoon I went to an university of agronomy, veterinary and husbandry Hi, my name is Andy and I work for Ohio State University Extension. My interest is agronomy (crops and soils), food production. The Agronomy Division has been reorganized: coincidence! I'm awaiting ur arrival on agronomy and west mall. The Agronomy Division has been reorganized: Agronomy Journal recent study showed that organic crop rotations had similar yields to their conventional Go organic! Plant Manager: Good agronomy location needs a quality individual to provide overall management to the plant. Pla.. Assistant Director- Agriculture- Degree Agronomy- legislative Assistant Director- Agriculture- Degree Agronomy- legislative Research Associate - Agronomy Job i should prolly be studying for agronomy but i dont feel like it! Agronomy Internship - Indiana - Business Unit - Pioneer Hi-Bred International, Inc - Student faculty dinner tuesday! meet in the agronomy parking lot at 5pm. its gonna be a good time!
smallhands87 Morris - Springfield (D2) - 5 at Illinois (D2) - 11 (9/26/09) Two former asst. coaches on Vikes' staff: WR coach George OL coach Pat Morris. Both good guys. Reall... by I have to make a slideshow about the genius of Chris Morris. IT'S SLAVE LABOUR! At Crosrroads on Morris, was never really a coffee shop kind of guy Two former asst. coaches on Vikes' staff: WR coach George OL coach Pat Morris. Both good guys. Reall... by Just talked to Rick Morris. He's at Toledo Bend. 95 degrees and HUMID. Yo this nigga Nigel "Showtime" Morris a fucking HATER!!!! Alas, no; I don't have my kit yet. Wore my morris groupie though. Wayzgoose were in kit, and a couple of the Jig Crew ZOMG! The Morris Movie rocks :D It's really, really good : To Know God By Morris L. Venden (1983, Paperback) Kenny from Tampa Bay: Interesting HC matchup for Giants/Bucs. Oldest Head Coach in NFL (Coughlin) against the youngest (Morris). Morris Publishing agrees to restructuring agreement. :Message Rating 1 (from 10): Two former asst. coaches on Vikes' staff: WR coach George OL coach Pat Morris. Both good guys. Reall... by Two former asst. coaches on Vikes' staff: WR coach George OL coach Pat Morris. Both good guys. Reall... by lol my name is rob n my friend told me about morris n u can get to know me if u want im from the bronx iamsinglebecause BLAIR UNDERWOOD, DERRICK LUKE, TAYE DIGGS AND MORRIS CHESTNUT ARE ALL TAKEN :(i rememberbackndaday i use to play powe ... BLAIR UNDERWOOD, DERRICK LUKE, TAYE DIGGS AND MORRIS CHESTNUT ARE ALL TAKEN :(i i use to play powe ... Morris! I've missed you so! If only Morris: A Life With Bells On was a big budget biopic about Chris Morris...please excuse my clumsy alliteration... (Via Benny Morris, 1948. A History of the First Arab Israeli War Morris parade today. Its going to be a long day Examiner: Tampa Bay's Raheem Morris looks at Giants and sees where Buccaneers are headed Full Watched morris dancers at Tynemouth CC family fun day. Well, when I say watched, it was more stare, amazed that anyone would do it. all of yesterday's specials are sold out...red chokeberry, morris dwarf boxwood, soft touch hollies and coreopsis moonbeam--all sold out! Bad news, not least because we now have no one to organise the Morris dancers. morris day and the time Two former asst. coaches on Vikes' staff: WR coach George OL coach Pat Morris. Both good guys. Reall.. by Reigate pub garden, Sunday afternoon-second week in a row that Ive been hounded by Morris Dancers. Two former asst. coaches on Vikes' staff: WR coach George OL coach Pat Morris. Both good guys. Reall.. by Nice. Thanks, Morris. Bishop Morris is finna preach!!! Two former asst. coaches on Vikes' staff: WR coach George OL coach Pat Morris. Both good guys. Really enjoyed covering Stew. Morris: A Life with Bells on is out today (yes, Sunday). Here's our vid of Friday's prem: whoooo!!!! the band beat eufaula at the morris marching competition!!! we won overall!!! :)) Pike's Peak results, Junior OD: MacCuish/Morris 1, Lioudvinevitch/Williams 2, 3, Donaldson/Jacobs 4. Morris chesnut is so so sexy dam smh "RITE" lol Ira: The Bucs worked out a bunch of kickers Tuesday and it's up to Nugent to forge a level with Raheem Morris and Rich Bisaccia. Just got passed by some morris dancers Don't tell anyone, I'm still drunk. Now I have to jump into a helicopter with John Morris, one of the Spring Mtn owners. V ... Don't tell anyone, I'm still drunk. Now I have to jump into a helicopter with John Morris, one of the Spring Mtn owners. Vomit will ensue. Morris chesnut is so so sexy dam smh i no, there's morris dancing in the market place from4 till when the film Read these, Chris Morris disguised as suicidal, self-obsessed columnist Richard Geffe -- time to ring chris morris to get my fix! GAMEDAY: Bucs look to make Giants first victim of Morris era fair enough, but it would be hexham. one of few places with an interest in morris dancing i imagine...
Dinner at soupspoon wit yellie I've been sculpting a rather rudimentary lute for my 1602 Matt Murdoch to sling across his back. Made from a plastic Chinese-style soupspoon is walking to soupspoon so hungry XD wants to eat i think i might. :D Soupspoon is so empty, super sleeepy nw!
Who called phone search tool will tell you who and if landline, cell or unlisted. Look up owners of cell phones and unlisted telephone numbers Who called phone search tool will tell you who and if landline, cell or unlisted. Who called phone search tool will tell you who and if landline, cell or unlisted. cellphone phone wireless Who called phone search tool will tell you who and if landline, cell or unlisted. Who called phone search tool will tell you who and if landline, cell or unlisted. Phone Trace - Unlisted And Cell Numbers. Phone Trace - Unlisted And Cell Numbers. Southshore is Hiring: application for unlisted registered n... (Weymouth, MA) He's got a phone Must be unlisted. New iPhone app puts you "directly in touch with God" Find out the owner of any cell phone or unlisted number. Results include name, address, and other details. Reverse number search landline 1.4 billion, 253 million cell and 17.9 million unlisted. Reverse number search landline 1.4 billion, 253 million cell and 17.9 million unlisted. Reverse number search landline 1.4 billion, 253 million cell and 17.9 million unlisted. Reverse number search landline 1.4 billion, 253 million cell and 17.9 million unlisted. Reverse number search landline 1.4 billion, 253 million cell and 17.9 million unlisted. Reverse number search landline 1.4 billion, 253 million cell and 17.9 million unlisted. Reverse number search landline 1.4 billion, 253 million cell and 17.9 million unlisted. Reverse number search landline 1.4 billion, 253 million cell and 17.9 million unlisted. Reverse number search landline 1.4 billion, 253 million cell and 17.9 million unlisted. Look up owners of cell phones and unlisted telephone numbers Find out the owner of any cell phone or unlisted number. Find out the owner of any cell phone or unlisted number. Look up owners of cell phones and unlisted telephone numbers Phone Trace - Unlisted And Cell Numbers. - Reversal Of All Unlisted Phone Numbers - Guaranteed - Not Some... Find out the owner of any cell phone or unlisted number. Find out the owner of any cell phone or unlisted number. Sleep shattered by ringing phone at 6AM. Fifth call in 24-hours from unlisted number in Lubbock, TX. Caller never says anything. Find Out The Owner Of Any Cell Phone Or Unlisted Number. Results Include Name, Current Address, Carrier, And Loc.. Bank sent Email to wrong address, sues Google for name. If an unlisted phone message, sue phone company? Find out the owner of any cell phone or unlisted number. Unlisted Brand-Sunscreen-UV Triplegard Summer Skin Clear Zinc SPF30 (5 lippies, 1 reviews): This is an Australi.. My shoes came in!! Polo rain boots and unlisted espadrilles!! Reverse Phone Detective. Look up phone numbers (listed and unlisted) and get complete Find out the owner of any cell phone or unlisted number. Find out the owner of any cell phone or unlisted number. Find out the owner of any cell phone or unlisted number. Find out the owner of any cell phone or unlisted number. Find out the owner of any cell phone or unlisted number. Wanted: Off Market, Unlisted Commercial for current list. Regards, Bill Look up owners of cell phones and unlisted telephone numbers Find out the owner of any cell phone or unlisted number Find out the owner of any cell phone or unlisted number Find out the owner of any cell phone or unlisted number Find out the owner of any cell phone or unlisted number. SUVs w/logo of nonexistent police dept. arrive re: MT jail; has unvalidated contract w/unlisted co. "American Police Find out the owner of any cell phone or unlisted number. unlisted? Sure. As soon as we get unlisted.
Whoa, Autotrader UK website has been overhauled. Nicely designed and interaction is good so far. GOLF News : Kenny Perry, boosted by a sizzling four-birdie overhauled Tiger Woods to grab a two-shot lead in the Tour Championship GOLF News : Kenny Perry, boosted by a sizzling four-birdie overhauled Tiger Woods to grab a two-shot lead in the Tour Championship Let's hope that Monday has good things in store for My predictions - offline caching, overhauled New Tweeg screen, and NO push. overhauled the kitchen cabinets at vegan in jars! we kinda feel like scientists... I think I will. And I'm linking because it's REALLY going to be overhauled and better to read on LJ. I hate FF.net. small block ford 302 mis. (willow grove): i had my 302 overhauled and didn't use a bunch of stuff.-- ever.. Perry Woods in the third round: Kenny Perry, boosted by a sizzling four-birdie overhauled Tige.. Summary: ATLANTA (Reuters) - Kenny Perry, boosted by a sizzling four-birdie overhauled fellow .. What do you drive. And have you ever had the engine overhauled?? Perry passes Woods for two-shot lead: Kenny Perry, boosted by a sizzling four-birdie overhauled Tiger Wo.. ugh fuc k dad wants my room overhauled....im meant to be at the fuckin centre ugh Successfully overhauled the website: Feeling all spiffy because I actually coded something..... S.D. Unified debuts its overhauled Web site anyway, been working hard on antiseptic. overhauled the plot direction a bit - man, i am in LOVE with lady and havoc :3 S.D. Unified debuts its overhauled Web site i don't know if we're fine. whole first floor's submerged. ref's floating on its back. car definitely needs to be overhauled. Overdraft policies get overhauled: NEW YORK - Overdraft programs for checking accounts are now an industry stan.. Required reading: Five essential stories of the week: Why it's an employer's market. How HBC's new owner overhauled Required reading: Five essential stories of the week: Why it's an employer's market. How HBC's new owner overhauled TvC (US) is being overhauled with new characters combined with re-balancing (lol patch) to fix the games more exploitable mechanics I just overhauled 2 rooms in the span of 90 minutes. I'm not completely done, but done for tonight. Watching some tv with Our Twitter design is being completely overhauled right now! i just properly overhauled my itunes. i might be here til 3am while it syncs (h5)! probs not the best idea to syncing at midnight (i) We have overhauled the status window. Close to public beta... Just overhauled my fantasy team. I'm determined to win at something here soon! Kensington sd400v Notebook HD Dock is Multi-user Friendly: Kensington has just overhauled its aging sd200v note.. Revamped my website: It got a facelift & is completely overhauled - Have a look and let me know what you think yeah, I love mine too but it does feel old now. Hoping for a sexy new handset design next year and overhauled OS. 1973 Ford Mustang 351C 4v about 2000 miles on the freshly overhauled Engine 1973 Ford Mustang 351C 4v about 2000 miles on the freshly overhauled Engine 1973 Ford Mustang 351C 4v about 2000 miles on the freshly overhauled Engine Announcing an overhauled Yerzies and our latest design contest - The Brady Bunch. Submit a design, u might win $500! Milwaukee Council Pres. Hines questions whether current structure of city gov needs to be overhauled: 9/25: WIC nutrition program to be overhauled. More: Reading and loving overhauled-for-Snow-Leopard Cocoa book from the Prags. Detailed analysis of how overhauled transactional emails: Results are here: I can't wait to put up the next revision of Several UIs got overhauled, new functionality for auto body shops ... By right, we will expedite this by elucidating the morning shift because i am being overhauled.. has been overhauled! Since I have overhauled my life over this past year and especially t ... the Kent, OH pub lib. They completely overhauled it a few years ago, so maybe it was temporary. Wasn't explained that way to me. Yahoo: No. 3 Alabama's overhauled O-line still effective (AP ...: Ne.. Razer intros second-gen DeathAdder gaming mouse: Razer has overhauled its popular DeathAdder gaming mouse, brin.. NICE...WashPost finally overhauled their mag! Post-writers' strike I completely overhauled which shows I kept up with. Grey's was a casualty. Can't say I'm broken up tho.
yes, i agree. No place for it here. I hope you are ok!! You are the duckiest!! Quack! lol ya i know that was the duckiest thing ever! but that catch was tight!!
baha megan styles there .. i noe ur joken btww :) but shes a gronk siff u'd ryte thaatt ayes :) xO 3 Ayes and 1 Nay. Good turn out! :D na feel ko din un eh. kasi ung cd ko nakasulat 'yo ayes! so nice to finally meet you' haha :) Listening to Paramore's new album brand new ayes, its awesome :D NO - (via thompunk) AYES ^_^ wait, what? The stars were beautiful tonight ayes . :) cardiff ayes? you bringing tera melos? im curious :D Aye ayes are actually kinda cute. :D I love you too, Ayes. =) Aww thanks :) do you like the way her ayes are black though ready to pounce if need be hehe Loved the aye-ayes on Last Chance to See. Always been one of my favorite animals! :)
redden it! Muckler is pure evil. Redden over Chara? I think most Senators fans will agree....good riddance. Patrick Redden Family time going 2 the state fair. is currently obsessed with having red lips like TVXQ's princess, *runs off to redden them* Any chance we can get a couple doses to Redden & Rozsival? definitely...but even people booing redden or rozsival...i just don't get it...if he wears my colors, i want him to rock And if M. Staal is still around, ask him how he deals with Wade Redden's terrifying eyebrows Have to give redden some credit-best game as a ranger. Too bad it doesn't count. Biggest beneficiary of Brashear pickup is Redden (having decent defensive game), fans have forgotten him. Redden still sucks. No business on the power play. It does appear Brash and Michal Rozsival are getting the mixed treatment (boos and cheers). Wade Redden, well, those are all boos. 1.Lundqvist be top 3 goalie 2.Gilroy and DelZotto run PP 3.Gaborik healthy 4.Redden and Prospal pre-09 5.Cally/Dubi breakout I'd gladly redden that naughty bottom of yours! I've always felt a nice red glow to the buttocks looks good on a sub. dump Rozy, Redden, keep kids, johnson 4 vally, keep gaborik healthy, nt play vets over kids cuz of money. Not gonna waive Rozsival/Redden now and Gilroy/Del Zotto better. better than expected def. depth, or is Sanguinetti too green? I guess in your world Redden will be in the press box opening night. Your world sounds like a fantasy land. im not saying it will happen what I am saying is he is MUCH more movable than Redden hopefully its Redden to the Islanders for 15 1st round picks nah give the kid a shot. He truly can't be any more than Redden was last year Are Redden and Rozy going to make this team because of their contracts and not their play?. MG, DZ, Semenov have outplayed em - Borsato & Friends redden Symphonica in Rosso! redden your arse.... hahahahaha!!!! McCaskill criticizes 'culture' of earmarks w/ Sen. Claire ...: By Susan Redden US Sen. Claire McCaskill .. does it again! The World is Flat in Elementary Algebra! Welcome to the house John Redden from College of the Sequoias! Hier is er weer een: protect the oceans - zee reservaten om vis te redden - This one is for you Redden! Tom Selleck was the honorary captain of the 1984 Men's Olympic Volleyball team. Practice: Dubi To Play Tomorrow, Redden and Staal Back: Both Wade Redden and Marc Staal who missed practice yest.. dear matt gilroy, i'm sorry you will be stuck covering for redden's poor positioning. please don't let it drive you away. Newsday: Deciphering the D - - "Looks as Staal-Girardi and Redden-Rozsival may be broken up." early autumn chill | on the foreclosed farm | apples redden.... ~Sally Ann Sims - Borsato & Friends redden Symphonica in Rosso! Ben opgelucht! (via poor Gilroy :( ... New d-pairs: Redden-Gilroy Del Zotto-Girardi; Staal-Rozsival Semenov-Sanguinetti stay together. At Rangers camp...Redden and Staal both return Per Gross Marc Staal (groin) on the ice for prqctice. Wade Redden (back) also returns. Damn, Redden is back. Marc Staal (groin) on the ice for prqctice. Wade Redden (back) also returns. O Gee thoght Redden Would have gone home!! what r lines?? Marc Staal (groin) on the ice for prqctice. Wade Redden (back) also returns. - Borsato & Friends redden Symphonica in Rosso! Ben opgelucht! Fantastic news Marco! borsato - Borsato & Friends redden Symphonica in Rosso! Ben opgelucht! - Borsato & Friends redden Symphonica in Rosso! Ben opgelucht! - Borsato & Friends redden Symphonica in Rosso! - Borsato & Friends redden Symphonica in Rosso! Ben opgelucht! Twee Borsato om Symphonica in Rosso te redden Twee Borsato om Symphonica in Rosso te redden Twee Borsato om Symphonica in Rosso te redden Twee Borsato om Symphonica in Rosso te redden Twee Borsato om Symphonica in Rosso te redden
Pointing a gun at an Islamic terrorists won't make them flinch.This willScroll down to see Pershing's answer Giants DL doing pre-game drill where they box the padded goalpost & unloads several left hooks. Goalpost doesn't flinch. I didn't flinch when they went 3G, I was still keeping it real when they went video. But I've been black balled by the new update. About ... Giants DL doing pre-game drill where they box the padded goalpost. Tuck unloads several huge left hooks. Goalpost doesn't flinch, though. ... was not so choked. And you would shudder away from me. You would flinch. I cannot take that. Not right now. Enjoyed the latest underwood and flinch ep. (thanks Lydia vs David vs whiskey? When will the story move to gangsters etc No matter how much I'm expecting it, when my toast is ready, I always flinch. Car innovation crushes nostalgia: ... flinch as the Bel Air crash test dummy driver's head and torso snap f.. SHE AIN'T GON GET UP, SHE IS K.O-ed RIGHT NOW. I KUD THROW A BRICK @ HER & SHE WUDN FLINCH...LMAO! I hate when i flinch and wake up when im just to dream. More and more, I'm getting into producer mode again. I'm to flinch when I hear the phone right...(wink). Recently Played: Alanis Morissette Flinch yeah.... But she's completely out of it. When I picked her up, I accidently hit her head in the counter and she didn't flinch FLINCH - Playing ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE; Xbox LIVE Multiplayer Day 38 getting that feeling again. I could honestly slit your throat without a second thought or flinch. but I rely on you for now, so be happy. My mother isn't used to my unsquickablity. I look at melting flesh and I just don't even flinch. *shrug* Why doesn`t a dog seem to mind when you rip one in their face? Poor Jack, laying against my back just took a direct hit and didn`t flinch arrow penetrated the sand inches from his foot. I couldn't believe he did something so risky. He didn't even flinch I don't know I just do! I even flinch when guys say it. It's a nice sentiment but just sounds so sappy to hear. When you live in the ghetto you dont flinch at gunshot... Umm i did... Thats cause your white! Saw man raise fist to child. Watched child flinch. Raised fist to man. Watched man cry. DAMN that looked like a nasty hit on Tebow, all the replays make me flinch a bit! Does that count as retaliation? Mets pitcher Lance Broadway got popped on the shoulder with a line drive. Didn't even flinch. Underwood and Flinch 17 is now live with bonus 'Sometimes' material! Feels just like home to grab some Timmys and order coffee, double double and they don't even flinch. *flinch* don't say penis xD well a tiny one ran across my bed and i didn't even flinch. it's the ones with long thick legs that get me!!! arhh ino i flinch toooo much! was so scary thoo il be having nightmaresss now ;) xxx Is listening to Chapter 17 of Underwood and Flinch There used to be a time when I didn't flinch at the thought of buying a $25 pair of panties Never play the "flinch game" with a ninja, not only will u lose everytime but u might end up with fewer limbs than u with. "fixed" is interesting concept in itself. sex w/women is fucking amazing but i flinch now like run over cat at the afterward Eye contact is something I don't flinch at, V. :D You Will Physically Flinch While Reading This Story Its kind of funny how when i come in as a my zombie my family doesnt flinch says about about me FLINCH - Playing Fallout 3; Level 3 I just caused a poor Labour canvasser to flinch, said i was working on citizenship and "maybe if there's a Lisbon 3"... I just caused a poor Labour canvasser to flinch, said i was working on citizenship and "maybe if there's a Lisbon 3"... I just caused a poor Labor canvasser to flinch, said i was working on citizenship and "maybe if there's a Lisbon 3"... FLINCH - Playing Left 4 Dead; Dead Air - Advanced Chapter 5 - In Game I make the eyebrow waxing lady laugh when I flinch...its so funny! If success is a habit it is a hard one to acquire. Owen flinch joined us as a marketer. Men Will Physically Flinch While Reading This Story Underwood and Flinch 17 is now live with bonus 'Sometimes' material ... Working on trying to sell those 2 PG 1 acre lots. Not sure if a trailer would be allowed, but they didn't flinch at the appraisal. Hmmmm. Underwood and Flinch 17 is now live with bonus 'Sometimes' material ...
sorry for my literalness! You should see the lockdown here in Pburgh ... I just realised the literalness that is Dekisugi's name. I feel so slow... To be fair, I've only remembered the name again an hour ago you should know never to trust the 'literalness' of Nomes' literalims ;)
Actually it was toasty! It's perfect sleep weather. Toasty in bed and chilly out of it. I just want to stay in here all day. Gettin toasty den it's Giants in Tampas ASS!! PJM has never seemed so... toasty. Radiators are on. Dive Update:1-2' surf,water a toasty 68,Zuma 10-15'viz.Swell eases,but mixed for Lobster Opener.135 hours to go! is going to enjoy some football on what will be a sunny, but toasty Sunday! Colts have the late game = no sleep for me :-) I do not want to get out of this toasty bed here's to a nice Fall, all warm and toasty LOUSY day today. Rain, wind, not so toasty. Our first "nor'easta" of the season. At least it's not snow yet. Game & junk food Go Pats! I have an order in w/@QuackersGeorge Great coffee! *sips* nice & toasty! Toasty! Came in wet from shooting football in the rain, heat's cranked up, Giants and Yankees up at 1PM! Mets and Jets too but who cares =) Montel Williams selling Toasty Wraps, a Snuggie clone/ripoff? What is this, upside down weirdo day? going 2 make a chezz toasty it's way too roasty toasty at the dog park for this time of day. I'll cuddle w/ u! *clings* Come to California, so that u can b warm n toasty! :3 lol I favorited a YouTube video -- Toasty And God's getting mighty toasty up there with all his Adams misbehaving down below. Lifted all the rest of the potatoes for storing this morning, afternoon spent lolling about in the garden in the beautiful sunshine. Toasty. My current view warming up after rainy, cold race this morning. Tent/sleeping bag city. Toasty! My phone is extremely warm this morning... Really giving off heat. Toasty & nice but worried it will explode while I'm tweeting.... Nice and toasty in my bedroom. I love heat fans! I would if i were there. But anyway no matter how great of a chef i become i shall never surpass master foob of toasty pies. P.s. ... go back to splash lagoon were bringing the toasty pie maker;) will have to wait till after work I'm afraid. Newsdesk duty at the DD. Subs might not approve of a newsed with toasty tootsies :) I got toasty last night :) haha miss you! have a toasty pie life dnt get no betta den dis...eatin noodles drinkin sunny d n my toasty room on my confy bed watchin da hills...huh.!!!! :)))) I wish i could just lay in my bed all day. Im so warm and toasty Up at the crack of dawn cleaning stalls...it is already toasty out here Tis toasty in the CC! See ya there. Bring ur Bibles AND ur NAMETAG. Don't worry if u don't have 1-i'll tell u where u can get urs. When you're toasty warm and the perfect temperature then have to get out of bed and it's freezing of sucks morning peeps well looks like another cool rain filled day here in canuckland--good day for nappin by a toasty fieplace :o) lit the veranda fireplace for the 1st time yesterday, so toasty during the storm! Plenty rain & thunder; missed the lightning & worst of it. Its a little bit roasty toasty outside... this orange juice is pretty toasty.. and i have drank half the oops Enjoying the day at home! Love days like this. Rainy outside, warm and toasty inside. back from Sardinia and definitely got a little toasty Damn twit city I'm just walking in.... And my house nice n toasty cuz its cold outside im not sure but it is a very good idea, im quite toasty! If it were possible to put this heater in my pants without scalding myself, I would. Mmmm, so toasty and warm..... ouch. Already getting a bit toasty after wearing three tees for 5 minutes :S Cold night in Wdend. Only prob w the wood heater (besides cutting and lugging wood) is it's toasty in the lounge & freezing in the b'rooms. aaw poor hun, keep him all warm n toasty xx Overclocling my CPU back upto 3.5GHz - cold now so the 60C it gives off is nice n toasty ;D Hungry :) i could go a big fat greasy toasty :) lol ko balloon landed safely - was fantastic, will post pics back at base - good tip wear a hat tis toasty warm under them ... balloon landed safely - was fantastic, will post pics back at base - good tip wear a hat tis toasty warm under them burners Hi Annette I'm feeling pretty good tonight. A bit toasty over here but other than that. Not too shabby. How r u? I'll be nice and toasty under the covers soon enough.
having a fob sesh... lol :D fuckcity on mtv cribs this morning :D been up drawing for an hour already :) getting ramones tomorrow. yay :) i probs mentioned it a while ago, but its free and has a cosplay comp and stuffs :) havent felt this good in weeks =)
i like the tiny boy manservant, not creepy at all. nope. Good Night! Sleep well, and think Manservant... The impossibility of Finding a manservant for free. & Dating is near impossible..I don't see it...MAybe I am slow today lol Hey, I told you about the manservant, any good applicants yet?.lol That's probably it. Could explain why my android manservant has been ignoring my requests of late. Can I be your Gay Bitch & put the false eyelashes on for ya & basically be your Manservant HEHE?? did you find your manservant? wondering why I'm not some beautiful Lady's manservant, performing whatever task she wants yeah, you have to be careful. bring along a butler or manservant! Just back from but now middle son madly prepping for 1st school dance. Apparently, the occasion demands a manservant. Ok. this. yes. Man am I tired. It's days like these I wish I had a manservant to do my bidding. Man am I tired. It's days like these I wish I had a manservant to do my bidding. Of course, I wouldn't be disappointed to be manservant, either. On summer nights, feet on desk at City Hall, I like to pretend that the reflecting pool is at place, and I am her manservant. Oh dear. Sounds like you need a hunky manservant to carry you about. manservant has misplaced scroll w/ location of duel, pml (pox on my life) Removing moose antler from manservant So many jobs for the manservant- draw the bath, make the breakfast, roll the joints... The manservant is the must-have accessory this season. Time to hire a manservant?? :P Also, it's the one with Romo from BSG/Manservant Neville from the Middleman. Good times. ... his "servant" a mess of quality suits. Poor Jeeves. Going from Manservant to Kept Man. (NOT) just cooked some chicken and steamed veggies for my friend, she works, so I manservant the house... smile.. ~V If the ox shall push a manservant or a maidservant; he shall give unto their master shekels of silver, and the ox shall be stoned. And if he smite out his manservant's tooth, or his maidservant's tooth; he shall let him go free for his tooth's sake. Thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's house, thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's wife, nor his manservant, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that [is] within thy gates: Manservant, I am more than ready for my Eggs Benedict. You may now bring them to me. Of course I want the cappuccino with it! ...Jiphtah, and In the morning were numbered of thy manservant, nor gather the edge of their service, under two ends of an ephah of... Cargo are okay, but I miss the days when my manservant handed my falcon to me. going to a folder-making company for ministers. Or maybe they should take a page out of Diddy's book - manservant Anybody need a manservant/bodyguard? making my point about a manservant. He could do the pampering, and would have your food already prepared... Well pamper time is a good thing, I guess it's good to have your manservant doing your bidding... You need a valet/manservant for your trip & I (reluctantly) volunteer. :) xoxo "You shall be prince manservant" win.. Flights to India booked, just need to organise a rickshaw, hotel, train, taxi, place to stay and the same to come back. I need a manservant manservant! Lol I need to get myself one of those! lol or Henry I suppose ;) dh is a nicer than 'manservant' or something too ;)
Peggy empathises with D'Arcy getting into trouble for speaking her mind - 'it is the play that matters, and one can't just remain silent..' as long as it's not because he empathises with yer man in the video Peter Andre empathises with Cheryl Cole Empathises with It wasn't my choice when I left the Sugababes either Empathises with It wasn't my choice when I left the Sugababes either
rock it Sammy!!! it's quite painful watching Governor David Patterson's interview this morning on Meet The Press...eeeek. "jokes on you papergirl" LOL too funny. Wiki.....where maybe is definitely. reading international tweets and remembering why I need twitter....just for perspective if nothing else. FOR THE RECORD PAPERGIRL SOUND SILLY....I THOUGHT OF A NAME BUT HEY NO ONE CARES... FOR THE RECORD PAPERGIRL SOUND SILLY....I THOUGHT OF A NAME BUT HEY NO ONE CARES... nice. Are u still the papergirl? you know i gotta throw on the papergirl gear Papergirl Press: Photography by Melanie Alvarez in the 2009 Home-Based Business Competitio.. This papergirl got a million ways to get it, choose one! -->> follow her ! papergirl/tennessee mary : live "I love you" papergirl dont sound rite...ewwwwwww Poca The Papergirl aka "Stranger In The Night" ft (via Poca The Papergirl aka "Stranger In The Night" ft Poca The Papergirl aka "Stranger In The Night" ft Poca The Papergirl aka "Stranger In The Night" ft Poca The Papergirl aka "Stranger In The Night" ft
lah iya gue jg.tp gue bntar doang.abis itu main kembang api main2 gajelas kan pas thn barunya jam 12 malem gue keb my stories (so far), the 'main' guy (Marshall) is an extension of me. Others are people I've known. check out my site for more. WADUH, aku harus main di jurassic park!!! Besok Club80s main di Derings Trans TV.. Pantengin yah jam 7.30 - 9.00 WIB.. Just took my 37th mugshot! ih males gue udah main gt gtan -_- kesel :s Main question today : 'Is it man, or a woman?' Hmmm we still haven't decided yet.. Haha weird person on our terras =p be careful with this - as you really are obliged by law to state who will be the main driver. Serie1 was Poppin Crazy Bday ShoutOuts Go to My Main Man u already kno Wat Time It Is im steady grinding. work and school are my main focus. no time for foolishness, pettiness, or lames. get on my level. elevate yourselves Wicced convo wit ma frend. Why do females have one guy as the main dude n anotha guy on n off u still talkn 2 but f?ckn both. Get ready to Get Your Game On! Announcing today BGP will have an arcade building that will be at the intersection of Main Street & The Plaza Okeh ka, insya allah. . :) Besok Club80s main di Derings Trans TV.. Pantengin yah jam 7.30 - 9.00 WIB.. Before dawn the woman was quite healthy again. Eating at the main table & free form pain. Mark 1:32 Thursday, Oct. 1st will be the first Waynesville Homecoming Parade. Come down to Main St. to your Besok Club80s main di Derings Trans TV.. Pantengin yah jam 7.30 - 9.00 WIB.. Besok Club80s main di Derings Trans TV.. Pantengin yah jam 7.30 - 9.00 WIB.. pastinyaa bang !! ;) Besok Club80s main di Derings Trans TV.. Pantengin yah jam 7.30 - 9.00 WIB.. Sips haha Besok Club80s main di Derings Trans TV.. Pantengin yah jam 7.30 - 9.00 WIB.. so ya'll know my main girl right? Well her and are entering 's contest today. Vote for her! Nothing a morning off right quite like some kopi Bali and a snuggle with a 110 lb. golden retriever! Main St. farmer's market today! yepyep...the main cause of "that aint my damn baby!!!" situations in our fair race day, ajak main jumanji gih, haha. SIAAAAAAPPPPPPPPP !! Besok Club80s main di Derings Trans TV.. Pantengin yah jam 7.30 - 9.00 WIB.. Band paporit gw!Besok Club80s main di Derings Trans TV.. Pantengin yah jam 7.30 - 9.00 WIB.. (via bawain lagu apa? Besok Club80s main di Derings Trans TV.. Pantengin yah jam 7.30 - 9.00 WIB.. Listening 2 my main roni ....by field mob damn this right on point Just took my 31st mugshot! aduh,,kuliah gww...:( Besok Club80s main di Derings Trans TV.. Pantengin yah jam 7.30 - 9.00 WIB.. Just got back from BBQ. Same people as for the last few years. Main change is the which means we've kept up with scores Besok Club80s main di Derings Trans TV.. Pantengin yah jam 7.30 - 9.00 WIB.. Texans vs Jags and then Bears vs Seahawks are the main two I"ll be watching. I'll probably flip though the rest. An enlightening is now in the Style/Fashion section, on ImagiCon's Main Web site: Enjoy reading the interview ... Likely. That's something we do know. One of the main advantages we had was that our method of hunting didn't kill us. :P ..topic of sermon: when ur desire leads disaster... main point: if wht u want isnt in line w/God's will then u setn urself up 4 failure!! LOL! YESSSSS. my 2 main points always: bitch ya bored and bitch ya young... i needn't say more. u're insignificant Haha. I bought Cherry St in Milton, VT, too. The main amusement of this game is just buying streets. I might sell my one in Burlington soon. who performing mars I wanna open up for the main act! I commented on a YouTube video -- So the main role in this game will be about... buttsexx'n everyone in si... just so you know,ur nose bleed can be called 'MIMISAN' in my main language,,Indonesian... xoxo does this mitch guy know wat it means wen u call smn "main man"?? seriously, 325 total for wsope main event - keep up to date with all the action at Location. Location. Location. Retail/office bldg for sale on N. Main Street Anderson, SC 3500SF $250K Major characters undergoing major changes in ancillary titles really the main X-books.
lmao. mine is like that too. lmao. i think mine is a lil worse than that tho... This is fuckin bullshit the game before mine is runnin mad late! I was supposed to be on the ice 20min ago. I got shit to do today. Toda ... Goodbye to You - Michelle Branch, Full of Grace - Sarah McLachlan, Christmases When You Were Mine - Taylor Swift 8675309 jenny i got your number. im gonna make you mine. :) hahaha love that song! &3CSHE IS MINE!!&3CVICTORY!!!&3C ... so glad you got to Incanto, a favorite of mine. ooh no ive asked jonie bout this 2 weeks ago SHES MINE!!! and we wanna do this next weekend not now JH#13 ha ha, well mine is almost gone already, doing my homer simpson impression :) Mine are public, and I like it when people repost my tweets and respond via my I'll be seeing you soon... I'll let you play with mine. mine can't do anything!! Grrr!! BB is such a waste grrrr!! mine too HE'S MINE!!!! SO, apparently, an old co-worker of mine "accidentally" broke into a "high security bank" I don't know!! I've always did mine online lol :) So would mine be. I have quite a creative kid. But I never had too much time after that. cuz u didn't link ya twitta name to it but chu put mine in it Pleaseeeeeeee I want to see my boyfriend...! *I want to see mine too...the imaginary one* LOL I WRECKED IT LOOKING AT THIS MUSTANG; I THOUGHT IT WAS MINE THAT I HAD JUST SOLD. N booom I CRASHED. LOL BUT ITS ALL GOOD -has anybody gotten their "this is it" tickets yet? iam gonna try and get mine today. like i said, TRY.(: I somehow guess our neighbours are not really thrilled with Alexandra's opera performance... but they probably love mine! :)) Your brothers b-day was yesterday too? So was mine! But i'm still the b-day girl...at least that's what my mom says...lol! :-) Centerra Gold Slashes 2009 Guidance: Centerra Gold an update on its Kumtor mine in Kygryzstan. The comp.. Just got outta church... WENDY'S for lunch... Yummmm the bacony goodness is gonna be all mine =} oh that stinks, was there no store near u? I have to mail out mine this wk been lazy haha put it on the line. kinda got smashed. almost forgot it was mine. in my mind it was always his. oh well...seems like he doesnt even want it. Someone named Hannah has a phone number very close to mine...I think her entire family has called me by accident this past week. lol I've had to send mine back twice. Both times they "misplaced" it and it took 6 weeks to get it back. I can't believe corbys crepes taste better than mine do you remember when we met? that day, i knew you were mine. its probably not as bad as mine! this is my second blackbery and it looks like shit. theres scatches EVERYWHERE haha what a pretty friend of mine Oh I know when mine will settle done but I just have to wait. This is Graven a friend of mine it gives you a small idea of what to expect of Jaco, We have lots of tours our Tour... he would never cut mine. hahaha lol nope pretty sure :p mine are in the history books buddy mine too "Fly or Fry.....Turn or Burn".....that's the new Holiness or Hell quote! Well at least for me it is....my 1st ... Haven't heard anything frm mine, but i hpe all is well w/ urs. Prays for the safety of all our loved ones in the Philippines. why the fuck should i go to the funeral when hes clearly not going to be at mine !! who is ur fav team..mine the patroits...we superbowl bound shawty!!!!!!! I knew who? maybe I know too much about ur life because mine is sad and boring? But I could never leave you, even though i tried. No, i could never leave you cause you are mine for life. mine! mine! mine! mine! mine! i havent even had mine for a full month! Join the club. my blackberry ... sad but true (via "His name is Squishy, and he will be mine. He will be my squishy! Come here Squishy!" - Dorey :D duuude, me too. except I'm a poor hobo and I got mine from the library. they're all due back this week! "I shall call him Squishy and he shall be mine and he Shall be my Squishy. Come on, on, little Squishy" A friend of mine has no interest at all in watching football. How much longer do you think it will be before he admits he's gay?
China established gun control in 1935. From 1948-1952, 20 million political dissidents, were rounded up and exterminated 1929, Soviet Union established gun control.. 1929-1953, about 20 million dissidents, were rounded up and exterminated. . In 1929, the Soviet Union established gun control.. From 1929 to 1953, about 20 million dissidents, were rounded up and exterminated. . China established gun control in 1935. From 1948to1952, 20 million political dissidents, were rounded up and exterminated China established gun control in 1935. From 1948 to 1952, 20 million political dissidents, were rounded up and exterminated In 1929, the Soviet Union established gun control.. From 1929 to 1953, about 20 million dissidents, were rounded up and exterminated. . A Labour peer has accused David Miliband of maintaining "a shameful silence" on attacks on Iranian dissidents at a camp in Iraq#ashraf@iran We are NOT the DISSIDENTS, but we ARE the DIFFERENCE in 2010 & 2012. Plz We are NOT the DISSIDENTS, but we ARE the DIFFERENCE in 2012... Please and include Can political dissidents be locked up for "personality disorders"?. Edward E Griffin gives his views. Watch: Updated: Read: Medvedev wants to meet US 'dissidents' G. Edward Griffin on psychiatry/drugs for controlling/punishing dissidents: Dissidents claim evidence of Iran's nukes Khamenei! You R dead!! its tika and the dissidents!! :p the true opposition have been in prison since 79, not people like mousavi who overlooked the murders of dissidents We are NOT the DISSIDENTS, but we ARE the DIFFERENCE in 2012... Please and include Old bastard - Tika and The Dissidents. LOVES IT G. Edward Griffin addresses the issue of psychiatry and mind-altering drugs as weapons for controlling and punishing political dissidents. List of Chinese dissidents- amazing what Yahoo did a while back & never felt any repercussions WashingtonIndependent: Photos: Iranian Dissidents Document Election Brutality We are NOT the DISSIDENTS, but we ARE the DIFFERENCE in 2012... Please and include We are NOT the DISSIDENTS, but we ARE the DIFFERENCE in 2012... Please and include We are NOT the DISSIDENTS, but we ARE the DIFFERENCE in 2012... Please and include We are NOT the DISSIDENTS, but we ARE the DIFFERENCE in 2012... Please and include By Webster's definition we are all dissidents. Whatever. Just think it's interesting use of Saul Alinksky. Isolate. Demonize. I vote Tika & The Dissidents! bulan ini KOIL didengar di 33 negara. Bln dpn? pilih "Tika & The Dissidents" atau "The SIGIT" ? Saw hundreds of police surround tens of violent dissidents. Those dangerous radicals sat in a circle playing DUCK DUCK GOOSE! Good night electric, mocca, maliq & d'essential, tika and the dissidents :) So we don't believe the Iranians when their dissidents "confess" on TV, but we do when they say they're closer to having nukes? bulan ini KOIL didengar di 33 negara... bulan depan? pilih "Tika & The Dissidents" atau "The SIGIT" ? can't take chances. they read a book about obama, next thing you know we're "liquidating" dissidents in Kansas cornfields Dissidents claim evidence of Iran's nukes / / Can political dissidents be locked up for "personality disorders"?. Edward E Griffin gives his views. Watch: A tightly-scheduled day is a productive day. Feeling good. About to go look at dead bodies, probably of chinese dissidents. Dissidents claim evidence of Iran's nukes it's like the americans trying to smoke out dissidents from the embassy. (@VanHelsingMD) As his name implies he was most feared for his practice of impaling his enemies--Turks, dissidents, criminals. G Edward Griffin addresses how psychiatry & mind-altering drugs are used as weapons for controlling political dissidents Cuban Freedom Blogger Val Prieto Speaks Out For Political Dissidents at UN Rally (Video) # Dissidents, I want to get home for Dinner, would you ever fuck off with causing all these roadblocks. Tika and The Dissidents - Waltz Muram The very first thing is to put proven development methodologies in place. If there's strong resistance, fire the dissidents. Tough times for dissidents: Alexander Podrabinek wrote an and now he's being hunted for it So here's the Q you should be asking: How'd we find Iran's secret plant? Russian gift 4 abandoning Poland, Czech republic? Dissidents? Sats? Vietnamese dissidents and "modern communications."
R.i.P Cliff *puts Orion on and pours a drink* "Lead me to the cross where your love pours out. Rid me of myself, I belong to you! Oh lead me!" :) Ever heard the phrase, "When it rains it pours" or "It's always darkest before the dawn"? I ... Ever heard the phrase, "When it rains it pours" or "It's always darkest before the dawn"? I ... At PF Changs get $9 wine flight.Better deal than ordering by the glass. You get three wines (2.5 oz pours) & good selection of wines i hope it and pours that nobody wants to come to work. Thanks for the tasting flights cascade brewing - one of the best pours at Seattle 700 Los Angeles 825.5 : Attempted breakdown of scores : Photos of pours "Freedom is the open window through which pours the sunlight of the human spirit and human dignity." Hoover Love 'em @ bagelery, when the "bagelista" pours the everything that fell off onto the cream che.. sure thing *cracks dem eggs and grabs the bacon -shudder- flip sizzle* *pours the serious Cowboy Calf here ya go! cause when it rains it pours in this town. when it rains it pours melts :( it's not fun. i'm too hot. gaaaah * pours water over self*.. not really, but it might help. Woke up to a flooded bathroom, downstairs ceiling is a bit leaky. When it rains it pours. :) Love 'em @ bagelery, when the "bagelista" pours the everything that fell off onto the cream cheese! *blendwhip mango in blendwhip* *pours and garnishes with catmint* here you go Emmy :) Morgan pours himself another double shot of Jameson, hits Pie-chucker for a massive six 08:31 Magazine - The Light Pours Out Of Me When it rains it pours. Watching church online (Faith World in Orlando). God do I need it more then ever today!! Stimulus Fading, Here Comes Credit Crunch II: The Telegraph's feisty Ambrose Evans-Pritchard pours a g.. When it rains, it pours: When it rains it pours! On top of EVERYTHING else, my daughter seems to have contracted a mild form of swine flu. When it rains it pours, and they keep on running...... Today's one of those days you kinda waste away, in the house as the rain pours. Pops is blasting music. G-ma and ma chilling round the house Gonna go get some mullein? A cough on top of your electronic issues? when it rains it pours. Sounds like rainy season. Wen it rains it pours but it's gon take more than sleet or snow 2 stop his love from growing.I AM his queen to beeee,his queen forever!!xoxo When it rains it pours? Aha, that works metaphorically and as a pun :) some say when it rains, it pours. hollywood ain't no place for lovers anymore, and it ain't no place for us. When it rains it pours.....smdh When it rains it pours.....smdh Now Ashley's Mac is making weird buzzing noises. Great. It never rains, but it pours. Fuck bb. I'll keep the mess. When it rains it pours, doesn't it? thatwasrunie: House pours in a house. ........ thatwasrunie: House pours in a house. .... Omg. Standing out there watching the rain pours while underneath the plane. sure thing..*pours you a cup* thatwasrunie: House pours in a house. .. thatwasrunie: House pours in a house. .. : only One provides peace that passes understanding, only One provides love that never fails, only One pours down mercy & grace... :-) Listening to a sad piano cover of Franklin (by Paramore) while it pours. Don't know why I love feeling this melancholy & nostalgia. The tighter we seek to grip a handful of sand - the faster it pours away. A lesson the gov would do well to learn. And it pours! and when it rains...it pours When It Rains, It Pours. Uh. Password loss .. that's going to make updating the blog a bit difficult! :-0 It never rains but it pours... Ugh.....when it rains it pours! SUMUK, DAB. Oh God, please let the rain pours down this night.
That last night was awfully crazy......and now im intoxicated. FML. Gonna be home all day "resting" aaaaah I may or may not have been slightly intoxicated last night... hahaha I was thinking about you last night and how heavily intoxicated you were after that win! revelation. Might still be a wee bit intoxicated. intoxicated with desire, and your the designated driver. Anyone else think I may have been intoxicated last night? Unrelated: My crackberry needs to be charged. Brunch at Eastern Standard... SO WAT 2DO 2DAY...STiL FuCkiN HiGH 4RM LAST NiTE THiNK MAH BODY iZ iNTOXiCATED!!!AHAHAHAHA GET AT UR BOi!!! ... My favorite: "Do Not Tweet While Intoxicated" ugh.. sleeping off the last insanely intoxicated blue monkey night ever. I'm really gonna miss that shitbox.. and you are too. DONT LIE Ran through some poison ivy last night while intoxicated. Fun. L: living room. Condition: possibly still intoxicated. omggg I def don't remeber doin that at all! I don't remeber seein you I'm sorryyyyy I was probably a lil tired/intoxicated Due to you being intoxicated or due to it being a generally eventless day? If you ever find yourself slightly intoxicated and with the undying urge to send any kind of messages to other people, DON'T DO IT. still slightly intoxicated -_- i think im still a lil intoxicated. DWSI =Drivin while still intoxicated. apparently im like Rache from friends. . i should really do my essay so i can get intoxicated tonight . . =/ Today is going to be crucial. I may or may not still be slightly intoxicated. If you wanted a haircut today is not the day ha @ kateskeezy nope, not even a little cause while intoxicated i can do that too, remember at your house? you are already intoxicated with my hope in spirits..i mean spiritual things.. Dear Zakia...girl u were very intoxicated last night, don't drunk tweet...u already can't spell....Ms.Blain [alt.T/Z]...if intoxicated enough, will always cry at the end of Major League I think the difference may be between mellow and intoxicated stupor. Thankyou! Haha. Just shows how much Twitter means to me, that I think to tweet when intoxicated :/ intoxicated by the sunshine this morning Tawny Kitaen | All About News And News Intoxicated Tawny Kitaen arres... When I was 4 or 5 father and his best friend would give me beer till I was drunk and laugh at how I behave intoxicated. WOW!! u kno I just read u tweat propa...now i'm not intoxicated all I gotta say is BRIGHT and OUT OF ORDER! lol u boil u peas yet? The general manager of the new Cowboys Stadium h plead guilty to driving while intoxicated and was sentenced to 15 days on a labor detail Im not intoxicated Do not use the internet while intoxicated, it tends to give you beer GOOGLES :-P "You're intoxicated by my very presence." He was grinning that playful smirk again. Im to intoxicated to make sense of that right now hahaha who handed me a laptop whilst I'm intoxicated. V. bad move. 5:13am. Finally back at the dorms. Slightly intoxicated. Successful night? Idk. Hella beer pong tho :) 5:12am. Slightly intoxicated. Successful night? Idk. Hella beer pong tho :) is attempting to do the rosary while drunk. And its official, lexter is only popular with intoxicated people. Haha. are we all intoxicated?? sir Best line of the night: "A police officer... had just finished arresting an intoxicated student for slapping a police horse on its rear." intoxicated......in pico get crunk eeeeeyyeeeaaaahhhhhhh ... intoxicated Driving police patty wagon & have 2 heavily intoxicated subjects in back singing along to Black Eyed Peas. My Mum, Aunty & Andy did their interpretation of new york new york whilst highly intoxicated! I'm still laughing! i could cry to every song in that mood but mostly intoxicated by lara fabian was the when my daddy passed away last year Welsh word of the day: 'meddwyn' means drunk. Pronounced Medd-win. dd is tounge between teeth and blow. Inspired by being intoxicated probably shouldnt get this intoxicated. But hey i only live once lol! ... Driving the police patty wagon and I have two heavily intoxicated subjects in the back singing along to Black Eyed Peas. goodnight trilobyte. :) intoxicated dreams.
Homeopaths do not fiddle with your bum. (at least one of my homeopaths is on FB.) Water Woo: [BPSDB]We all know that homeopaths sell their marks patients sugar or water and claimm it contains t.. if homeopaths can sell us cheap 'effective' medicine through dilution - surely they can make a homeopathic petrol that works LG Grossman is now an instructor @ Homeopaths Without Borders,speaking at the Sophia Conference&developing a product line! homeopaths have been trained to think the remedy is where the action is, they're nuts. It's in the life force.... Homeopath site's immunisation claims criticised (source: topix.net): Vaccine ... make it medicine. HOMEOPATHS w.. never thought my functional distresses were just an on-going reflection of my poor inhabitation of mainframe. homeopaths think of hydrogen? Just joined Twitter in this forum:want 2 connect w/other naturopaths, homeopaths, herbalists, natural med. advocates,etc.2 share & exchange. Justed joined Twitter in this forum; want to connect w/other holistic, health, homeopaths, naturopaths, herbalists, natural med. advocates Latest press release from Alliance of Registered Homeopaths: haha the ARH are dumber than dumb Latest press release from Alliance of Registered Homeopaths: Latest press release from Alliance of Registered Homeopaths: Blog post: Homeopaths, Herbalists and Matthias Rath: There has been an exciting development in the wor.. Blog post: Homeopaths, Herbalists and Matthias Rath: There has been an exciting development in the wor.. Homeopaths, Herbalists and Matthias Rath: There has been an exciting development in the wor.. Blog post: Homeopaths, Herbalists and Matthias Rath: There has been an exciting development in the wor.. Homeopaths, Herbalists and Matthias Rath: There has been an exciting development in the world ... Homeopaths & herbalists in bed with Matthias Rath - not a good route to respectability Homeopaths & herbalists in bed with Matthias Rath - not a good route to respectability Witches do exist; just as homeopaths & faith healers do Homeopaths & herbalists in bed with Matthias Rath - not a good route to respectability That would be those 'homeopaths' then. via Oot & Aboot w/ some Canadian (I love the name of this blog!) The Pro-Homeopaths Strike Back yeah, but treating a sackful of homeopaths with water? I guess that would be the first time homeopathy ever cured anything. The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: via Oot and Aboot with Some Canadian Skeptic: The Pro-Homeopaths Strike Back! (or, Charlie Bit Me!) (via Blogger vs. dangerous local press coverage: The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: please The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: conflict of interest, & bad advice The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: [@georgiastrait's conflict of interest, & bad advice] The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: <~homeopathy it's in the water=beer The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: please Blogger vs. dangerous local press coverage: The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: please The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: please I'm not even going to click that link, because I trust you. This is why homeopaths want to be called Doctor... The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: please The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: please 1st thing aromatherapists and homeopaths will tell you is that the meds you are giving your child are CAUSING the problem (yeah ok!) Make that a 5000% "Supernatural Services" Tax. It applies to palmists, homeopaths, churches of every kind, and multi-level marketing. Homeopaths are crying foul! boo hoo! Homeopaths are crying foul! boo hoo! "We are all individuals!" -Comedy of Homeopathy:Poking fun at homeopaths and those that follow the religio. "We are all individuals!" - The Comedy of Homeopathy: Poking fun at homeopaths and those that follow the religio.. Homeopaths may turn deadly when suggest treatments for potentially deadly illnesses like flu (@georgiastraight) sshhh.be vewy, vewy quiet. we're hunting homeopaths. one by one. So glad of on twitter! Wonderful 2 C Professional Homeopaths & block THE IGNORANT with tiny amounts of followers!
Mallett, rather. No need to feminize his name. He's working on that already today. Only HGTV cld feminize a mans by calling realestate shopping "House Hunting." At least show a house with a gun safe or mounted deer. But be aware that the Brazilian Soccer Nickname Generator seems to generate masculine names. If female u may want to feminize the result. Interview with new mistress did not go well. She wants to feminize. I thought she wanted a worker. I don't have the frame for xdressing.
Imperial Oil Limited is Hiring: oilsands mining modeler (Calgary, AB) We are currently looking for C# or C programmers, a web designer, graphic concept a 3d modeler and texture If only I had a 3D modeler... I'd submit it myself. >.> Data Warehouse Modeler - McLean United States... Yahoo! HotJobs: BPM Process Modeler-Citadel Investment Group-New Reading: Managing your trading expectations using the m3- Money Management Modeler I think i've managed to accidentally become a 3D modeler on a movie Hiring a Oracle SNO(Strategic Network Optimization) Modeler at Agile Enterprise Solutions.. clickindia_in just posted this job on i want to be modeler and actor OxiClean commercial showed a with a stain and then the without the stain. ACTUALLY the modeler's arm was just covering it. FAIL. Basin Modeler Saudi Aramco: The applicant will be expected to take a leadership role in defining approaches to .. Quantitative Risk Modeler / Management - Los Angeles: My client is looking to hire an experienced Qua.. awesome. my hubby is the modeler. Im ok with max, but he does awesome stuff w it & mudbox! Comment from process modeler colleague " i dont know if you dream about your life in screens but i dream about mine in process flows" - Media Venture firm looking for top financial modeler/analyst. Interested - contact or call 408 719-0200. - Venture company in Media space looking for a top financial modeler/ analyst. contact 3D Laser Scanning - Looking for a Project Manager and 3D Laser Modeler Hiring: database modeler (Cincinnati, OH) Unless they are that other type of data modeler. iam in animation field working as 3D modeler Sr. WebMethods Modeler: TEKsystems Greenbelt, MDJob description: ...Full lifecycle software development ex Sr. WebMethods Modeler: MD-Greenbelt, Our client is in need of WebMethods Modelers for a contract located in Gr.. found massive help with fake rivets and welds on Starship Modeler forum I'll probably study Oracle SQL Developer Data Modeler and JDeveloper. Cognos Data Modeler - TEKsystems - Honolulu, Hawaii: ...the enterprise business intelligence n.. IT Configuration / Modeler, Kforce Professional talking with the Mala'kroop's 3D modeler about the concept, that's so exciting! Sr. WebMethods Modeler: MD-Greenbelt, **APPLICANTS MUST BE ABLE TO OBTAIN A SECURITY CLEARANCE AND WORK ON A W-.. Trying out the SQL Modeler in Toad. Never say never! Online does work! Personal e.g. Helped hubby land Senior 3D Modeler job w/ Sony. From FL to CO. 3D Laser Scanning - Looking for a Project Manager and 3D Laser Modeler Strategic Staffing Planner / Forecast Modeler - Shawnee United States... DC Jobs | Data Modeler at American Systems (Washington, DC) Watch 4-Eyes principle in action in Cordys BOP-4 business process modeler @ Having spent man-weeks defeating aliasing of single point strokes it bothers me Core Data's modeler looks as bad as it does. In the Qur'an, the holy book of the Muslims, Allah is described as "...the Creator, the Originator, the Modeler, and the Wise One..." A member of my gaming clan is a modeler, I think he lives in NJ. What should I give him for contact info? 3d low poly modeler by pvds2008 Visual Paradigm for UML Modeler 7.1: UML CASE tool - UML diagrams, use case modeling, reverse engineering and mo.. Fiddling with my blog post: FineScale modeler: November Issue Published a new blog post: FineScale modeler: November Issue Watch 4-Eyes principle in action in Cordys BOP-4 business process modeler @ 3d low poly modeler by pvds2008: What we will provide- Site Pics of building to be modeled, for example- tajmaha.. 3d low poly modeler by pvds2008: What we will provide- Site Pics of building to be modeled, for example- tajmaha.. Work at home : 3d low poly modeler by pvds2008
Just be careful she doesn't depressurize the deck you're on and have you punted into space "accidentally."
the media sensationalizes every freaking thng. H1N1 is the flu ppl! YOU knw, the flu?! Comes around every yr. Morons, lap it up. Every time over sensationalizes "death toll" re: I think of Left 4 Dead. LFW sensationalizes Fashion World: SamayLive As scheduled on second last day of Lakme Fashion Week Bollywood&#39..
had a hard yesterday. Woke with a migraine ended up in the ER then slept all day..... ... My sons 5th grade teacher was horrible, she allowed a little White boy get away with calling my son a "NI&&ER" by trying to tell me he said It appears w/the ER, there needs to be some transactional leadership in spots but a tranformational leader overall. Does that make sense? tuesday morning but i'll b at Trust. david txt me er asking if i'm staying here again. he said 'no enight' n said he... AKA The Talent. I suspect the descriptions in TV world are more er, fruity. Im sittn here trynah belev daht er'thanq is ok wen realy it aint man idk wht to do with owt you ! Yu make me so ... REALLY APPRECIATE ALL MY FANS AND ER'BODY WHO ROCKIN WIT ME... YA'LL MAKE IT EASIER ON A NIGGA... MY FANS ARE THE GREATEST!!!!! YEAH DOE!!! Redrawing Boundaries, good read. We have 2 obsticals to cross, public percerption and the culture of the ER. Not sure either were fixed. is absolutely KNACKERED! Work was alrighty. Going for a 10 hour-er tomorrow to try and rake up the cash! Er...I hope you all HAD sweet dreams. I accidentally a word. "but U still dont pay me no attn listening 2 wht ur girlfriends mention hes a slut hes a hoe hes a freak got a diff girl er day of the week" I mean...er....oh, screw it. We're up to 13 w/1, 5 w/ the other 2. If you haven't been to the ER w/ a child, you're not a parent. I'm one 10 times over. Hello Fellow Twitter,,er lol two weeks ago i was in the ER with my mom and as i was waiting i was watching the cowboys game just for you! I am one of those people who was denied after an ER visit. It was a life/death visit; I was put in the ICU. Denial letter came 2 wks later. The Houst...er, I mean the Tennessee Titans are wearing some sweet uni's today. Titans vs the Titans er Oilers today. Beautiful! I just saw dr greene from ER ! He looks more like jim from neighbours in real life! (@kate_day just asked who both those people are.. :s - Nick? er NEW TRACK UPLOADED :-) please enjoy -- er......and im making a new right....NOW! :-D ... er, make that Sarah Palin in the bikini. I think. Yeah, er...we'll just be leaving now, then... *backs away slowly* ThankU to all the very seet friends who sent me notes n tweets las night while I was in the ER w/my 2yr old, she is MUCH better 2day :-) hey! i have an idea!! let's make a trending topic! just this er something and keep on chanting !!! What Do You Mean By "White Culture", Mr Beck?: Er, well, oh, er ... To be on TV these days you have to be incredibly ugly: JP, GR etc. or incredibly beautiful: er... Poke-*er Face Er huh hum! Not sharing the pickled onions then? On me way 2 tha ER daughter on her bday I'll take a George in a Blanket...er, Piglet & anodder EIEIOoooo please & thanx! Guru MLM'er shows you how to make 5 figures a month from home! It's free my poor little ones fever just wont break hoping it breaks soon though or to the ER it been really high since last ... Er til med Unexpect. Meh. Right now there are 5 versions of Healthcare, er, Obamacare, and none of them will serve the people. im the teenage slut butt ****er ... Standing down from asthma red ER drs have diagnosed 1 y.o. with croup. Again. Which is better, somehow? Well, good morning for the goddamn time today. ...er, afternoon. yeah, it's pretty deep, but it stopped bleeding :( i don't want to go to the er to pay $100 and wait a million years =/ my ER doc friend says he is not getting H1N1 shot and thinks the normal flu will be worse, get that shot. ALL MY FOLLOWERS YA'LL GO WISH MY TROPHY WIFE A HAPPY OK? TELL 'ER TASSY SENT U!!!!!!!!!!!! Er, YEAH! Been saying that eversince! Barbados = December baby! - ur going BIM in Dec?! :O ....WHEN WE WERE ALL LITTLE-ER?! :D yea i went to the doctor 2 today. well the ER actually.... Xbox Live: fatalxvixen is currently Online. Playing Fallout 3. Level 30 Ne'er-do-well. (Xbox Live Nation) oo er. doesn't look good. Brandjacking, of Seth Godin? OK. Check 'er out now Emilyy! hhaa; noww i need coffee er im passing back out from last nighht'sz ...
a look,I realize that radicalized baseless politics has probably rotted your frontal lobe,but what the FUCK are you talking about? The news was talking about "Radicalized Americans" ... what other problems does the US need? Crazy people out there... not all muslims r terrorists but most terrorists r muslim. Most have been radicalized by extreme rightwing Saudi branch of Islam The Candid Eye: Saudis have radicalized 80% of US mosques!!! Full The scary thing to me is how many domestic American terrorist we have. They are all being radicalized in our prison system! im even more fundamentally fucking radicalized now Like Van Jones, IL terrorist Finton became radicalized in an American to ROP What mosques did these guys attend? How were they radicalized? say Zazi's imam was playing a double game, what was his involvement? Newsweek: Pashtuns becoming radicalized via okay so michael moore is a reductionist par excellence. but seeing roger and me in high school radicalized me. before then i was a fool. Newsweek: Pashtuns becoming radicalized I can blame Beck for it. Every radicalized movement needs a leader, someone to ferment the hate and rhetoric. He's doing swell. wish Chavez wasn't so radicalized in the media, what he's saying about the history of colonialsim and imperialism in Americas is on point. The more I write about Priesthood/Headship the more radicalized and scandalous I become to the Body. Line crossed. No return. Death to self. The news of impending policy shift on right move-Taliban only radicalized after bin Laden, al qaeda.. The news of impending policy shift on right move-Taliban only radicalized after bin Laden, al qaeda arrived. Fighting Taliban=
people/companies need time to adapt .... and the "matter" needs to professionalize people/companies need time to adapt .... and the "matter" needs to professionalize you posted great tips from We can help professionalize time keeping & payroll prep. So valuable for biz. Thanks! Qqest. Blasting into the twittersphere!! Seeking to professionalize IT Service Managment. Blasting into the twittersphere!! Seeking to professionalize IT Service Managment. Blasting into the twittersphere!! Seeking to professionalize the field of IT Service Managment. who were shut out of scientific professions upon graduation in 1899. The goal was to professionalize domestic work and create careers 4 wmn Oak faculty member Joanne Sciulli works with Barbara Tinney to help professionalize youth development work: ITSM itSMF launches new program to professionalize ITSM: The program, Professional Recogniti.. Green must professionalize a lot and quick: mentoring in freedomtalks, rebuilding faith with ones. not let them fall, anyone. Topic of the next meeting: Social Media Makeovers. Our speakers will show you how to professionalize your online presence. Plus, free food! I'M QUITTING SCHOOL. I AM GOING TO PROFESSIONALIZE IN SLEEPING AND READING GAY PORN. Quintessenz: professionalize your research communication (great - thanks guys, we will post this to our boss :)) I'M QUITTING SCHOOL. I AM GOING TO PROFESSIONALIZE IN SLEEPING AND READING GAY PORN. Could the prISM web site look more like geocities? | Once again: 'professionalize' and then facepalm I think priSM is for USA only. For it used the word "professionalize". also possible BCS CITP conflict? lets not go that far!my hands are still cramping from my papers. but what i can do is edit yours and "professionalize" it lol
What happens every August, exhausts even the most tireless theatergoer, and features more thespians than a barr.. What happens every August, exhausts even the most tireless theatergoer, and features more thespians than a barr.. What happens every August, exhausts even the most tireless theatergoer, and features more thespians than a barre.. What happens every August, exhausts even the most tireless theatergoer, and features more thespians than a barre.. What happens every August, exhausts even the most tireless theatergoer, and features more thespians than a barre..
in Nature: near total environmental instability; biogeochem, climate destabilized: (PDF) He looks pretty nervous & destabilized, doesn't it? Ahmadinejad video: (via @ ... He looks pretty nervous & destabilized, doesn't it? Ahmadinejad video: in Nature: near total environmental instability; biogeochemistry, climate destabilized: (PDF) Destabilized Pak is not in the interest of India.Moreover India cant do anything thats not by public opinion. Democracy! Now see, I assumed Vista destabilized Sprint in the first place. POV is so interesting. before the US destabilized Afghanistan, in a way there were similarities 2 iraq, areas such as N effectively out of govt control They did, before we destabilized their country enough that the Taliban took over. 3. will be destabilized. Some are already a done deal. I also said expect more clashes of a tribal nature in Sudan as a forerunner
"bill forces shots on all children and criminalizes parents who object" um, hell no! I 2d that HELL NO! "bill forces shots on all children and criminalizes parents who object" um, hell no! Virginia: Bill forces shots on all children. Homeschoolers fight state legislation that criminalizes parents who object. "bill forces shots on all children and criminalizes parents who object" um, hell no! West Virginia: Bill forces shots on all children. Homeschoolers fight state legislation that criminalizes parents who object. "bill forces shots on all children and criminalizes parents who object" um, hell no! so govt criminalizes it 2 protect women & try 2 prvent girls frm other countries getting kidnapped & sent here 2 b sex slaves Criminalizes Natural Health,Vitamins,Herbs:Codex Alimentarius-threat 2 freedom
Jeff Fisher appears to be wearing a pajama top. Ok hold up so we dont have skool tommOro ? or we do ? & wahs dhe themes for dhe week other dhen pajama day ? ... had a wonderful saturday, now chillin on sunday. tomorrow's pajama day! ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL? Cheerin for the Texans in their Spiderman pajama uniforms Another somber day in the house. The elastic on my 9-year old pajama pants just gave out. Score one for and her quest to declutter. ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL? Cheerin for the Texans in their Spiderman pajama uniforms Please THIS FRIDAY! Big PAJAMA at Lake Johnson in Brooklyn! Menya, Nyle, The Middle Eight, Cherie Lily, Beauty Feast and MORE! Please THIS FRIDAY! Big PAJAMA at Lake Johnson in Brooklyn! Menya, Nyle, The Middle Eight, Beauty Feast and MORE! I've declared it a pajama day. Just remembered that tomorrow is school pictures-- think I can get new outfits sewn & make a digiscrap kit? On Tuesday at 7 pm, the Hilton Library holds pajama story time for children ages 2-6. pajama day tomorrow at school! haha might be wearin black sweat pants and sooome t with my group :) lmfao, my green and some pajama bottoms. Tomorroe pajama day lemme be CLEAR what type of pajamas shud i wear ? ... Tomorroe pajama day lemme be CLEAR what type of pajama's shud i wear ? ... Check out - Celebrity Lingerie & Pajama Oct 10 @ 10:00PM Doors open 8pm tonight at liquid ice... Pajama has anyone ever seen The Pajama Game? It's the best, and all the ridiculous songs are in my head. "There once was a maaaaan....." spirit week dhis week: Tomorroe pajama day lol what shud i wear ? ... Taking a random hot shower, putting on my pajama's, and refusing to get out of my bed unless I have to pee, or eat. ihts a rainyy sundaay im in pajama'sz walkinq too dha store lolss ; stayinq homee ! Dear internet, tomorrow is pajama day.. I am so excited. I am going to wear muh feeties!! ... Dear Twitter, tomorrow is pajama day. Guess who's wearing their feetie pjs? So happy my sister came to visit me last night! And she brought me a new cute pajama set because she loves me! I love her. <3 Good Morning Twitterworld! Happy Sunday! I've already been out and about working up a sweat. No Pajama Sunday for me. pajama movie day with off to see fame! im on a white (BSU written infront and NSTP on the back) with my pajama colored red.. haha Also props to for providing me with awesome walk of shame attire, featuring AJ's robot pajama pants. Magnus has insisted that be has to be naked since his pajama bottoms have a hole in them. Off to spend time with the wifey and baby person. Today seems like a good day for soup and hot chocolate...oh yes and pajama pants. nails are gunmetal silver, ready to plan in style. (nevermind the carebear pajama pants) Tuesday's Pajama Day at school! Gonna wear my Snuggie and pwn everyone :D TWERK vs SLOW GRIND {PAJAMA EDITION}-hosted bye BOYz EnT. & TWERKAHOLIX EnT;;NEW PICS GO COMMENT FOAM ... TWERK vs SLOW GRIND {PAJAMA EDITION}-hosted bye BOYz EnT. & TWERKAHOLIX EnT;;ITS GONE BE ON POINT HIT ME UP ... TWERK vs SLOW GRIND {PAJAMA EDITION}-hosted bye BOYz EnT. & TWERKAHOLIX EnT;;ITS GONE BE ON POINT HIT ME UP ... I go out in pajama pants with one leg cut off. They are like half I'm sure people think I'm psychotic or homeless. Walking back to the dorms in pajama a hoodie, and sex inch purple heels. Last night was basically awesome. Walking back to the dorms in pajama a hoodie, and sex inch purple heels. Last night was basically awesome. Woolies is a pajama free zone. Those that do go in pjs didn't get the memo. Pajama with the kiddos :D I love lazy Sunday mornings. Thinking it's a pajama kind of day too lazy to do anything sunday tiredness. now bed. then bubble bath. then pajama. then hair straightener. then dinner. then batman. thechelseabirdsunday tiredness. now bed. then bubble bath. then pajama. then hair straightener. then dinner. then batman. Today's Events: 09/28/2009 - Pajama Story Time at dija house gettin ready for church...after that goin home and to buy meh some pajamas for pajama day 2maro..den ... at dija house gettin ready for church wit her fam..after that goin home and to buy meh some pajamas for pajama day ... has scrubs in the pajama section. I saw a whole aisle of them yesterday. Good luck!
Homeopaths do not fiddle with your bum. (at least one of my homeopaths is on FB.) Water Woo: [BPSDB]We all know that homeopaths sell their marks patients sugar or water and claimm it contains t.. if homeopaths can sell us cheap 'effective' medicine through dilution - surely they can make a homeopathic petrol that works LG Grossman is now an instructor @ Homeopaths Without Borders,speaking at the Sophia Conference&developing a product line! homeopaths have been trained to think the remedy is where the action is, they're nuts. It's in the life force.... Homeopath site's immunisation claims criticised (source: topix.net): Vaccine ... make it medicine. HOMEOPATHS w.. never thought my functional distresses were just an on-going reflection of my poor inhabitation of mainframe. homeopaths think of hydrogen? Just joined Twitter in this forum:want 2 connect w/other naturopaths, homeopaths, herbalists, natural med. advocates,etc.2 share & exchange. Justed joined Twitter in this forum; want to connect w/other holistic, health, homeopaths, naturopaths, herbalists, natural med. advocates Latest press release from Alliance of Registered Homeopaths: haha the ARH are dumber than dumb Latest press release from Alliance of Registered Homeopaths: Latest press release from Alliance of Registered Homeopaths: Blog post: Homeopaths, Herbalists and Matthias Rath: There has been an exciting development in the wor.. Blog post: Homeopaths, Herbalists and Matthias Rath: There has been an exciting development in the wor.. Homeopaths, Herbalists and Matthias Rath: There has been an exciting development in the wor.. Blog post: Homeopaths, Herbalists and Matthias Rath: There has been an exciting development in the wor.. Homeopaths, Herbalists and Matthias Rath: There has been an exciting development in the world ... Homeopaths & herbalists in bed with Matthias Rath - not a good route to respectability Homeopaths & herbalists in bed with Matthias Rath - not a good route to respectability Witches do exist; just as homeopaths & faith healers do Homeopaths & herbalists in bed with Matthias Rath - not a good route to respectability That would be those 'homeopaths' then. via Oot & Aboot w/ some Canadian (I love the name of this blog!) The Pro-Homeopaths Strike Back yeah, but treating a sackful of homeopaths with water? I guess that would be the first time homeopathy ever cured anything. The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: via Oot and Aboot with Some Canadian Skeptic: The Pro-Homeopaths Strike Back! (or, Charlie Bit Me!) (via Blogger vs. dangerous local press coverage: The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: please The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: conflict of interest, & bad advice The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: [@georgiastrait's conflict of interest, & bad advice] The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: <~homeopathy it's in the water=beer The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: please Blogger vs. dangerous local press coverage: The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: please The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: please I'm not even going to click that link, because I trust you. This is why homeopaths want to be called Doctor... The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: please The Homeopaths have responded, and so have I: please 1st thing aromatherapists and homeopaths will tell you is that the meds you are giving your child are CAUSING the problem (yeah ok!) Make that a 5000% "Supernatural Services" Tax. It applies to palmists, homeopaths, churches of every kind, and multi-level marketing. Homeopaths are crying foul! boo hoo! Homeopaths are crying foul! boo hoo! "We are all individuals!" -Comedy of Homeopathy:Poking fun at homeopaths and those that follow the religio. "We are all individuals!" - The Comedy of Homeopathy: Poking fun at homeopaths and those that follow the religio.. Homeopaths may turn deadly when suggest treatments for potentially deadly illnesses like flu (@georgiastraight) sshhh.be vewy, vewy quiet. we're hunting homeopaths. one by one. So glad of on twitter! Wonderful 2 C Professional Homeopaths & block THE IGNORANT with tiny amounts of followers!
Yes! A man that was so good and only wanted to do good and bring happiness to the whole world was demonized and lied about. Wow are we really sitting here listening to secular education demonized? Knowledge is a bad thing, boys & girls! whosoever demonized carbs 1. died of cardiac arrest (despite claims otherwise) and 2. clearly never had a proper baguette. being demonized by a press that reflects public sentiment. The press is SCARED of going against public sentiment due to Give u misery !!!! & lead ur butts astray! Shame on us for this demonized ppl . Dwayne says, "What if every leader prayed 4 hrs a day?" That is how we can impact & minister to this demonized generation. Remember the phrase "weapons of mass destruction"? Another middle east country w/ vast oil resources being demonized Engadget - Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM? accept that your demonized terminology of "socialism" is what is NOT working for you. and that democratic socialism is what should. people are demonized when offenders dont want to be found out, or when they are covering for their friends - just a distraction If that's your worst habit, you have it made. Smoking is demonized. Seriously, keep it real. YOu have a stressful job. On how South Africa was unfairly demonized -- like Israel .@TatianaKM not sure Autismspeaks is intentionally mean 2 autistic ppl. yes they see asd as evil. csq if u r autistic then u feel demonized What happens to the Liberal Utopia when the demonized Producers have sufficient reason to stop producing? Where is the $$$ then? "the fact-based debates they deserve. We jusdt get demonized and defamed for it! (2/2) fringe is a horribly anti-science show, I had to stop watching it because it demonized science and scientists Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM? Before Jews rounded up to be killed, they were demonized by bigoted "patriotic" liars. 'ers -this is on you specialupdates: Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM?: Entelligence is a column by technology strategist and author M.. I can understand that. I got tired of being painted as the black sheep in my family. Sometimes, I was demonized. *shrugs* you know what's really annoying? how 13-year-old gay white boys are fawned over but trans children are demonized along w/ their parents. Another reasonable critic of Israel is demonized! Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM? Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM? "Would you rather get 3 slices of pizza for $5, or all you can eat at a buffet for $5?" Have we demonized DRM? New post: Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM? Latest column. "have we demonized DRM" What do u think about DRM? Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM? how they kept you demonized, how you've killed off all the angels taking notice of you. MainGadget - Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM?: Entelligence is a column by technology strategis.. How do we get the policticians to understand what we are going thru everyday. If you don't agree you are demonized. Chavez, the demonized President of Venezuela, is faring well in second half, despite second air King is taking. Better watch this @ CNN. Chavez, the demonized President of Venezuela, is faring well in second half, despite second air King is taking. Better watch this @ CNN. being demonized by the right wing --a company that mainly helps poor people is somehow threatening to these politicians- facts please Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM? Chavez says that someone can't be demonized for his ideas... CACHICAMO DICIENDOLE AL MORROCOY CONCHUO! Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM?: Now, when you introduce DRM, music I buy today that is protected may not .. Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM? Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM? Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM? Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM? I just post Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM? on I just post Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM? on Technology Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM? LatestToy: Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM? Entelligence: Have we demonized DRM? -
shout out to over exposed pics, tags (logos) with no purpose, & colorizing bc some else brought it back. stop the (Re-Trending)... Thank Ted turner for colorizing the moon, and extra thanxxxs to p ditty for inventing the remix I am colorizing an image in both Illustrator & Photoshop to see which comes out better. The suspense is my pixely emotions. Is turning old movies into 3D (think Titanic) today's version of Turner colorizing b/w movies back in 80's? I'm colorizing and old family photo of my great grandparents for a project. It's kind cool and creepy seeing them come to life in color AMMONIA-FREE COLORIZING GLOSS TREATMENT-rich lasting color glossin nine shades.botanical-rich infusers illuminate... - Finished colorizing the Taylor pic =] colorizing text editor for dos real advice well, I've finally learned a little about colorizing, but I got a long ways to go
Ah right! Well as long as its not Ollie/Di I`m fine! Actually if he was a perv I`d have him now... hes perfect :P you perv. :P 'cause he ask to rmb the fuse ah? its of satefy devices leyy. gahhh irritated -.- good!!! haha anyways im single i can say wot i like :P and perv on whoever i want xxxx :P I dont wanna sound like a perv, but when Niley are like 21 they're gunna the sexies couple out there! :P I'm not hugging you, you perv :P (((hugz))) BYE! OMG!!! REALLY??? haha tht mkes me sound like some perv tht likes firemen haha :P xxx Im gonna hold back my perv cmmnt and go ahead and say a donut :D haha The surprise has a hole in the center of it :P thinks pee wee is a perv, and taunts u with her Canadian health insurance, but she grows on ya :P me and caitlin ran around the health center and this old man shouted and following us :( PERV, Omg how nice isit today?! Well wanna go soho square and perv at all the gays lol ;-) anyone wanna join moi? I'm working :-( who says i was implying something?! maybe i just like your trenchcoat GOSH!! perv :( Don't think he minds my being a perv and a dork as much as he'd mind my enjoying a serious!blasphemous song... :( hey don't call me a perv and an idiot. :P You perv. :P Even a nazi perv son of a fascist would do a better job... oh, hang on a minute! :P u noe what? gila gw sampe pingin cubit tu boobies punya miley gila! HAHAHAH what a perv am i! :P Perv. :P hahaha man if only Nick knew what we where saying about him! :P haha i saw that picture Kev is a perv and so is Joe! hahahaha Oh, man. I'm SO bummed! I just realized I'm a perv :( Hentai desu. OMG OMG OMG. Dorian Gray is beautiful! PERV TIME. Oscar would approve. Shame Inglorious isn't showing anymore though :( xxx hahahahha I read that as "roll on the wee ken dude". Who the fuck is wee ken? Perv :P You perv! :P what if he's some perv! He said more in the SMS but I'm so not gonna post it here haha! You call?:P or ask your prank call buddy :P LOL Yeah when I first looked @ that pic, thought his hand was in his pocket but then the perv in me noticed it was over :P Haha! I can tell. She's a perv :P i love how im known as the arch angel perv now :( bahaha. perv..tay tay is a minor :P -jabs in abdomen- Perv, you just like being this close to me. :P TXT: ... take a cold shower you sick perv. :P JK <3 xD TXT: ... take a cold shower you sick perv. :P JK <3 xD lol ok, you could count him as a perv or something though if he liked you in that way :P John's a perv :P Eh no actually HA. Its a blue towel and a pink vest top. Ya perv ya :P What is this?! First a perv ,now some weirdo. Stay away from me. I am new :( hahaha now whos the perv :P you are just a perv :P WTF rubaholic screw u hahahaha :P at least im not th perv one *whistles* lalalaa Everyone~check your followers!! Perv Bots are back!! :( LOL im not no perv lemme lone lol :( Haha, some perv tweeted chu about condoms :P
The Holy Spirit teaches how not to demonize God's gifts while not glorifying them. I'm supposed 2 hit the lab with 2day to lay down this herb song "LEGALIZE IT / DON'T DEMONIZE IT" ACORN: Can't Refute the Truth - So Let's Demonize the Accusers. The Liberal Way! Maddow Puts Scandal In Perspective. It's unconstitutional to pass laws that demonize a single entity It was actually a nice change. I expected them to demonize his character. Instead I rooted for him. sir, I am ecstatic to exemplify all the qualities in this country you demonize Why is it that people demonize marijuana? I lose my mind and get out of control most of the time when i get really drunk. I gain.... "I find it that someone glorifying the Rules that demonize opponents would take except at shouting down their astroturfing." Call me ignorant then, I despise Socialism or if you prefer, I demonize Socialism. I won't go with you down the Socialism path I find it that someone glorifying the Rules that demonize opponents would take except at shouting down their astroturfing. about you ... Demonize and kissing skull! And some of your band ...killing Miranda and intravenus!!!;-) for those who demonize iran, it ain't like you think GOD thinks its productive to demonize situations, dehumanize, demoralize for he's own personal gain.HE IS WICKED. Attack daily from all angles. Pick a target (like Van Jones), isloate, ridicule, demonize then move to next traget I think they DO get it. And it scares them to death. That's why they attack and try to demonize it. By Webster's definition we are all dissidents. Whatever. Just think it's interesting use of Saul Alinksky. Isolate. Demonize. Qadhafi meet & offer condolences 2 relativs of Lockerbie tragedy. Libya's pd $Billions.U.S. press continues 2 demonize don't forget the right wing doesn't like low income minorities 2 vote...so demonize those who help them & u know the rest. Lap-dog media lobbed Obama a racially charged question to whip the American people with racism charge & demonize law enforcement as racist. I didn't do anything. You sure do like to demonize people, my son. Where is this coming from? But it won't matter, bcause you will demonize ins companies and blame capitalism, when it's government that caused most problems. How long before the media, in an to futher demonize semi-auto handguns, calling them "assault pistols"? Everyone already hates trendy things to hate. I need to find something else to demonize.. like... Sidewalk curbs. Screw those! Yea..! Jews and arabs cant live peacefully bcuz arabs wont allow it, and ppl demonize the wrong Shameless Pelosi Historical Revisionism About Moscone/Milk Ass She Seeks to Demonize Opponents: Hm, we USED to call insurrection traitorous......NO congress member should EVER be allowed 2 go overseas & DEMONIZE his own country. How do countries with nukes manage to demonize countries trying to develop them? Keep up the pressure. Pick a target, isolate it, demonize, ridicule it till it breaks. Then move on to next target. Say goodbye 2 all Czars <-assume Pelosi & Left plus & crew will all insult, condemn & demonize G20 protestors? I neither liked the move for XMLizing all config, nor like the move to demonize XML. It has its uses in data transfer. Alinskyite response: demonize opps // shldn't criticize Alinsky now that you're following his book .@Cody_K Is true that Malkin & Michael Leahy have teamed to write "Using Saul Alinksy Rules to Demonize Children?" George W, Bush's only fault after becoming a civilian was that he didn't defend his Administration from the Socialist rush to demonize him Thanks 4 the Lazy Journalism piece, Sonja Jo. It's so easy 2 go black & white, then demonize- what fundamentalist do, basically! She was called despicable, and the image of Cruella DeVille finallt fit her. Who else would demonize and allow her own child to go hungry? No one I disagree with is the trouble to demonize or ridicule. We disagree, that's all. I cld debase Pelosi, but who am I? It wasn't so much to follow her husband as she wanted a family. I liked the movie b/c they didn't demonize that choice. chavez says they demonize me. he demonizes himself by opening his mouth and spewing utter nonesense and lies. The media can demonize anyone. Crazy powers of images. "You can't demonize someone because of their ideas" really, Hugo Chavez? Because that sure seems like what you're doing right now. What makes the bad guys bad? In the same fashion rich lobbyists create attack ads against healthcare, we demonize other countries. Why? Oil. You cannot demonize someone because of their ideas, Chavez. then proceeded to demonize it in the press as a new drug-never equating it with hemp, which ppl knew to be safe. Time to demonize Hines Ward.: Seriously, I have no idea how anyone outside of Pittsburgh can like this prick. W.. Time to demonize Hines Ward.: Seriously, I have no idea how anyone outside of Pittsburgh can like this prick. W.. Time to demonize Hines Ward.: Seriously, I have no idea how anyone outside of Pittsburgh can like this prick. W.. Time to demonize Hines Ward.: Seriously, I have no idea how anyone outside of Pittsburgh can like this prick. W.. Breaking News: Jew Leader Steps Up to Demonize Iran: Just been to the Holocaust Museum in Washington DC. Can understand how these people demonize Jews & Israel.
Yep, it was a proselytizer. There's some of a magazine on depression in front of my door... I am not answering the knock at my door. It's probably a salesman or proselytizer, cause it sure doesn't look like the mailman. Oh noes! Proselytizer pests have infested my neighborhood! (Getting ready not to answer door.) New post: Book review: Dialogue with a Christian Proselytizer Interview with Jason Bredle about "The Proselytizer," his upcoming chapbook CLASS PROJECT, and other topics: Kirk Cameron, former teen Idol, current proselytizer, has once again taken to the internets.. self-described "rodeo clown" & "fervent Mormon and proselytizer" is best described by the comment: "You lie!"
We should trap/carbon from ground, air, plants, and stop demonizing a natural energy cycle. Green is a religion, not science hallucinogenics, that is. IT CREATES MASSIVE PLOT IDEAS. Yeah, that. top 1% pay for most of our public services and most of the taxes. Stop demonizing the ones who employ millions of people. Conservative negative ads on Ignatieff work. Keep it up, turnabout on past lib demonizing of Reform=delicious. VIDEO: on demonizing ACORN // I feel quite ill after watching this! Outrage! VIDEO: on demonizing ACORN VIDEO: on demonizing ACORN I rest my case. u are the one demonizing your opponents.Not for glorifying rules,but for standing up to govt tyranny. Pure ignorance VIDEO: on demonizing ACORN "VIDEO: on demonizing ACORN " VIDEO: on demonizing ACORN (via New Jersey 'burbs being overrun by wild turkeys: Guess that whole demonizing gun owners and hunters thing isn't.. VIDEO: on demonizing ACORN VIDEO: on demonizing ACORN Bleeding Conservatives must stop demonizing the census: The U.S. Constitution req.. Who is demonizing now? I suspect Nestingen would approve of the moniker as a dissenter from the ELCA. Rw demonizing school where kids sing about Obama [as a lesson for BLACK HISTORY MONTH]..trying 2 get folks fired. RWNJ spent hours demonizing black people at ACORN & trying to ruin health care reform & all they got is stupid posters & the flu Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Glenn Beck, hate Obama so much they practically spit when demonizing him and it is clearly racism. They are evil. RWNJ spent hours demonizing black people at ACORN & trying to ruin health care reform & all they got is stupid posters & the flu RWNJ spent hours demonizing black people at ACORN & trying to ruin health care reform & all they got is stupid posters & the flu Loving the hard work that went into demonizing the pics! RWNJ spent hours demonizing black people at ACORN & trying to ruin health care reform & all they got is stupid posters & the flu RWNJ spent hours demonizing black people at ACORN & trying to ruin health care reform & all they got is stupid posters & the flu RWNJ spent hours demonizing black people at ACORN & trying to ruin health care reform & all they got is stupid posters & the flu I suppose the reason why Cuba is better than us is that there's a of the toilet paper that the liberals are now demonizing. ppl fatter now than when low fat campaign began largely due to the demonizing fat while boosting other equally bad nutrients. food a history of demonizing one nutrient and raising others up as superior and necessary. kind of a tug of war. I am so sick of movies demonizing animal control. It's not their fault people let their dogs wander, breed and become a problem. Michele Bachmann thinks a lot of things are unconstitutional, but one of them isn't demonizing the census: Castro enslaved his people by demonizing the greedy rich people. Sound familiar? Oh but it's not demonizing to call the President "Hitler". Yeah. Ok. WHATEVER Taplin: How will New York Times live in a "Google world?" Chernin: Google is making money by directing, but demonizing Google is a stretch. typical BO-bot marginalizing and demonizing, grow up!! "Feminism, I realised, was a lie" I REALLY dislike when feminism's boiled down to "demonizing men" yeah, she's been demonizing everyone hahaha! Bachmann/Beck, etc. are accountable for their demonizing of census workers and ACORN. It seems clear, they helped inspire this mans death... The Fix: Demonizing Nancy Pelosi - Washington Post.. Absolutely agree with you, but the problem won't be solved by keeping the same model and demonizing file sharers. RWNJ spent hours demonizing black people at ACORN & trying to ruin health care reform & all they got is stupid posters & the flu do me a favor and stop demonizing me on your twitter. I keep GEtting bugged by people talkin about u going in on me. let it go. Right. I was once a kid and know the impact of negative talk; demonizing autism like only the ones living it. Demonizing Obama Limbaugh gives killers permission:Obama-Haters Becoming Increasingly Racial Rhetoric .@BratAngel333 I agree this video so condescending and demonizing Erin Pizzey"Feminism, I realised, was a lie" I REALLY dislike when feminism's reduced to demonizing men It's cause we're taken now man, no lie. People like Bachman have been demonizing then census. I really hope that's not what lead to this.
Dear no I do not want to accessorize my sandisk 2gb SD card. What's next? 10 to 15-year-old sizes in PVC catsuits? Nipple clamps in Accessorize? Been doing a lot of shopping... New face shop is Accessorize. Accessorize outfit with Jewelry from The Front Page: How to Accessorize a Fall Wardrobe - I think more skeletons should accessorize with items from the floral dept. Nope, gave my Jayne hat to a while ago. Trying to accessorize my tux with Simon-ish vest or blue gloves. homeless people have no idea on how to accessorize and for that reason alone i distrust them, not hate, that's strong, but i just dont trust Lahore: Accessorize Celebrating First In Pakistan at Mall of Lahore Lindsay Lohan has got me thinking. What's the best way to accessorize a camel toe? accessorize no! write a book about having sex with your dad. Thats how we roll in LA Hey, all you stylin' hipsters out there. What's the correct way to accessorize back fat? lmao I am not fierce, I just accessorize well~ and I miss you too, come get drunk legally for yr bday!!! Naimi Campbell and I are similar in almost every way. We both accessorize our houses with a general sense of terror. Lindsay Lohan has got me thinking. What's the best way to accessorize a camel toe? Lindsay Lohan has got me thinking. What's the best way to accessorize a camel toe? lol..accessorize away! xD XD then doo ittt. take a dandy outfit and accessorize like crazy with brass shit. XD and a monocle. finished painting the bathroom! now I get to put it all back together and accessorize. :oP 6.- Ill accessorize in accordance with the standards of a bicycle culture and acquire a chain guard, guard, fenders, bell and basket. I want to be able to accessorize like that! Fall is here! Time to accessorize! I have to have those shoes!!! OMG! Seems like I'm falling in love with every cute object in accessorize and with every cute pair of shoes! ok that was an accident. but it'll be ok. just dont look up. oh and my boxers match my thats how u accessorize. - Jeisa Chiminazzo with Naty C. per Accessorize fall/winter 2009/2010 Going to borrow piece of jewelry for tonight. I accessorize well... right? ;) lol. Plus a mean Jew Fro... Don't forget the Black Fist Afro Pick to accessorize and a super fitted purple winter jacket.. ,brings the world closer to you Tediously contemplating which eotech sight is right for me...so many choices...how do I want to accessorize? Come to "Accessorize for The Inn" Thursday, October 1 from 7:00 pm to 10:00 pm. Come out to the Accessorize for... at least lingerie and heels;) a girls gotta accessorize! that's nice! i can accessorize it up with my brown jumpsuit and green leaf hat. ;) Accessorize your Fall Fashion with Gemstone Rings from and Tetts Jewelers at As much as we'd like to, we can't accessorize our way to sustainability: Gorgeous Angel Pick the most elegant and impressive dress and accessorize it properly to make th bags: white and pink gucci sidebag or small silver accessorize clutch bags: white and pink gucci sidebag and small silver accessorize clutch I've bought two jeweled headbands of Accessorize , a brilliant lipstick, a wool hat for winter and a pelouche in which I can place my mobile By Accessorize your fall wardrobe: Accessorize your fall wardrobe: Accessorize your fall wardrobe: amazon email: accessorize your 15pk 25gb blu-ray discs with a 10pk of 3.5" formatted floppy disks for $21.66 it's great!! lit'miss Accessorize is planning for the great year end sale!! do register as listees to get the exclusive discounts!! Going as a pirate this Halloween? Accessorize with UvKITTY!... twas asked for jewellery, brought a SMALL collection... Over 100 necklaces, all from Accessorize, I think I'm an addict! that's my big nigga! my left side.... she the one who taught me how to accessorize!! muahhh! wanna go forever 21 buy some accessorize lekker werken NOT
can you contextualize that for us? They watch The Simpsons in Die Hard 2, to contextualize how long it's been on. Too long. Puzzles Contexture 22: Puzzles Contexture 22 Do you have the adeptness to contextualize? Expectedly, this game .. Yes. And be sure to wear your pastel polo and khakis to contextualize for the Southern Male. Can some1, ideally verify & contextualize this: CornelWest Would Rather B In Crack House Than White House : Most valuable future journalist *contextualize*, add meaning to basic facts, Most valuable future journalist *contextualize*, add meaning to basic facts, tells students It's difficult to enter into this posting because of how the iconoicity of the facts contextualize the exploration of its montage elements. Contextualize "the same"? :)) Stalker pa rin? ;P Is it possible to contextualize the live tweeting of events for outsiders?Or is live tweeting just bound to be annoying? We got to contextualize more often. What...you used the wrong verb or something? Eh, you were good the first time. Let's contextualize the lateness tho. Lord I pray that you teach me to contextualize the Gospel without compromising the content. Help me bring Your message to a dying world. Friday's the deadline. Help fight corruption or at least contextualize overreaching legislation: We must retain truth and recast form; tell the story but update the costumes; keep the meaning but contextualize the words Which would A) demystify it & B) contextualize it more appropriately than being painted as a business/personal ident. panacea. NYTimes unveils big plans for a search product to 'contextualize' Twitter commentary ... interact on a deeper level w/characters & creates a backdrop thru which you can contextualize the narrative personally. It's case-by-case, not the silver bullet. Digital is obviously at advantage bc you can contextualize ads on the fly. Can Glenn please contextualize the random clips of people I've never seen so I know what he's saying? When one writes a note that is impossible to contextualize: "Massive sapphic migration" postit on "Distributed Systems" by Mullender pg 251 I really wish i could contextualize my love for this woman to you people.She wears these lil 'fuck me' boots that give me palpatations I really wish i could contextualize my love for hil to you people. She wears these little 'fuck me' boots that almost give me a OK, Ed Stetzer seems excited by this, but but I don't get how bluegrass helps contextualize the gospel for Taiwan: Is it wrong to contextualize and relate to Basshunter songs? Well, I just printed my photo 4 my 2-3pgs assignment titled museum entry... Gotta take the photo & contextualize it in the time period it have always shopped around "damaging" material. It's up to to vet, contextualize, decide how/whether to use it. Check this video out -- Don't Contextualize the Gospel To contextualize the passing of Irving Kristol, Hendrik vigorously recommends ARGUING THE WORLD:
Shout to Simon's for that re-up. They also have an exclusive 8&9 "Real Heads" colorway for the True Blue 3s . Available online soon! Nike Air Max 97 OG Colorway: Metallic Silver/Red Nike Air Max 97 OG Colorway: Metallic Silver/Red Will you guys have the Adidas Originals x Jeremy Scott " JS Wings" silver colorway when it comes out? :) Will you guys have the Adidas Originals x Jeremy Scott " JS Wings" silver colorway when it comes out? :) Nike Air Max 97 - OG Colorway Metallic Silver/Red Nike Air Max 97 - OG Colorway Metallic Silver/Red The beginning of a new sneaker era! Pre-Order coming soon for Cinnamon colorway. For more information contact us here. Nike Air Max 97 OG Colorway: Metallic Silver/Red: nike-am-97-x-metallic-silver-og-retro-. The Metallic Silver/R.. The beginning of a new sneaker era! Pre-Order coming soon for Cinnamon colorway. For more information contact us here. i kno they uptempos. but WTF is up with that colorway. The beginning of a new sneaker era! Pre-Order coming soon for Cinnamon colorway. For more information contact us here. The beginning of a new sneaker era! Pre-Order coming soon for Cinnamon colorway. For more information contact us here!! The beginning of a new sneaker era! Pre-Order coming soon for Cinnamon colorway. For more information contact us here. Nike Air Max 97 OG Colorway: Metallic Silver/Red - I MUST COP SUCH A SIMPLE COLORWAY!!!! Today was a good day to dye. I wish I had come up with a klingon inspired colorway. Would it have been green or brown? I DID get my kit! And I LOVE it!!! Gorgeous colorway and I am in heaven! Nike Air Penny II Black/Metallic Copper: Nike releases a new colorway of the Air Penny II's. These come in prim.. Is there hidden irony in an american flag colorway iron cross decal? i wanna grab the 60 in the Laney Colorway they look toasty warm! and such a pretty colorway! eyeballing the Fall 2009 Pantone for colorway inspiration... Decisions! What creps to get! Practical colorway or something a bit jokes... Pre-Order coming soon for Cinnamon colorway. For more information contact us here. LMAO! for a quick minute I was like -_- ight so that's why bought those san francisco colorway blazers for a quick minute I was like -_- ight so that's why bought those san francisco colorway blazers Yea, I got the 13s from the package b/c that's my fave colorway... btw have you seen the usc blazers that are coming out in november? pretty sick colorway IMO Fully agree!! I grabbed the True Blue colorway, wore them one time and haven't worn them since..wish I had my $90 back... ya I didn't see ur previous post I thought they where true blues. Not just the colorway I grabbed the True Blue colorway, wore them one time and havent worn them since; wish I had my $90 back.. (did the same thing) I grabbed the True Blue colorway, wore them one time and haven't worn them since :-/ Def wish I had my $90 back <== same here - FREE of your choice if you can find these for me in this colorway. (Puma Hooper Mid - Sz 13) I grabbed the True Blue colorway, wore them one time and haven't worn them since :-/ Def wish I had my $90 back... - Two FREE of your choice if you can locate these shoes for me in this colorway. Foot Locker carries the ... I'm late on this, but for my Canadian Nike heads: MMX Trainer 1 colorway $150 Can't wait for that first colorway to drop Dope colorway on that Tiffany tee...How bout an inverse colorway for fellas... I need to bring my Nike tiffs outta retirement
my phone should breathalyze me before I'm allowed to use it. What happened to the Turkish driver who couldn't miss Africa with a boat? Is it still aground? Did they breathalyze the guy? Bryant was celebrating anniversary yet sgt. says there was no reason to breathalyze him. Wanna bet you or I'd get one? Minnesota to breathalyze students ejected from prior games. Says one quotI've been puked on before. You know, that's just not ...
Yup!! copied lost so much!it was intended to, no? There was an oceanic sign in the backround hah. And with the kangaroo /polarbear ah Yup!! copied lost so much!it was intended to, no? There was an oceanic sign in the backround hah. And with the kangaroo /polarbear ah - a propaganda da Oceanic Airlines no Flash Forward! momento 6:15 The new Flashforward had a great premiere- with several nods to Lost: Oceanic, Penny & Charlie, and of course "flashforwards" :) Completed Oceanic Defense Like the Oceanic Airlines billboard easter egg. Apparently this is nothing like Lost. Hmmm. I travel Oceanic every time. The tail section usually is the most What's the connection between FlashForward and Lost?: Did you see Oceanic Airlines Billboard during first episode of.. Completed Oceanic Defense Scuba Gear Customer Review: Oceanic Veo Compass Module - $49.95 Completed Oceanic Defense Completed Oceanic Defense Watched Flash Forward - Gotta love the Oceanic and that Kangaroo! nice easteregg for fans..oceanic air billboard Scuba Gear Customer Review: Oceanic Veo Compass Module - $49.95 absolutely. They had an ad for oceanic airlines on the show. Lots of little things. Great show. A Review of the Oceanic OC1! A SCUBA Dive Computer with Dual Algorithms?.. News: Scuba Gear Customer Review: Oceanic SWIV Console with Max Depth Indicator - $219.95: Rating.. News: Scuba Gear Customer Review: Oceanic SWIV Console with Max Depth Indicator - $219.95: Rating: Review .. News: Scuba Gear Customer Review: Oceanic SWIV Console with Max Depth Indicator - $219.95: Rating: Review .. Apparently they live in the same universe. Near 6 minute mark there's a billboard for Oceanic Airlines w/blue & fuchsia logo. Flash Forward is so good! Anyone else catch the Oceanic billboard in the first scene? I geeked out. A poster in "Flash Forward" . It reads: "Oceanic Airlines, Perfect safety record" :))) (via An Oceanic Airlines poster in "Flash Forward" . It reads: "Oceanic Airlines, Perfect safety record" :))) Cool, there's an ad for "Oceanic Airlines" in Hahaha - billboard for Oceanic Airlines in Flashforward ep 1 at 6:16 I HAVE A THEORY ON WHAT IF THE BLACKOUT IS DUE TO SOMEHOW. OCEANIC SIGN ON BUILDING...SEGWAY OF SOME i saw the oceanic billboard too!!!!!!!!! what did u think of flash forward??? i think it has definite potential lol Completed Oceanic Defense In Aion I joined the one server that was Oceanic, but marked "Western" in the server list. Fucking wait times are 1 hour. fts. i've found a little blue giant star. i named it blue oceanic star yeah- that show is pretty good. I like the oceanic billboard ad on the begining too. Just saw first episode of Flash Forward and liked it very much. Didn't hide the desire to be Lost 2, with Penny, Charlie and Oceanic Air Hmm, Flash Forward flies Oceanic. LOST flies Oceanic. Desmond's girlfriend from LOST plays in Flash Forward. Craziness. What we call 'climate change' is Science finally recognizing the geospheric, atmospheric and oceanic interactions that they had sub-divided. Watching FlashForward when I should be in bed! Ah! at least its a pretty good show! anyone else see the Oceanic billboard in the background? I totally dug I'll definitely watch it through the 1st season. Nice Oceanic Airlines easter egg as well. I finally watched FlashForward today & saw a sign for Oceanic Airlines that made me laugh almost uncontrollably. OMGWTFKangaroo!? for "Lost" fans: (Oceanic - Perfect safety record) this is a scene from "Flash Forward" (a new tv show on ABC) 'oceanic' by isis is one of my favorite albums ever. reminds me of driving home late from shows at tremont in charlotte. Flash Forward - Pilot is Great! Did you see Oceanic in there? haha JJ Universe is coming again. Maybe next ep. you will see Slusho. Crazier death toll and less oceanic. Keyword less. finally watched FlashForward, looks awesome... saw an "Oceanic Airlines" billboard during one of the scenes! FlashForward... Oh my god yes. Oceanic ad and red panda references seal the deal. I'm hooked Ha - billboard for Oceanic airlines. Nice :) the ad says "Oceanic Airways: Perfect Safety Record" the Oceanic Airlines billboard in FF shows up when the cops are taking photos. It's in the background Anyone else catch the 'oceanic airlines' from 'lost' billboard in flashforward? I'm looking for more now! Current game is over. The mystery phrase was 'OCEANIC BIRD'. There were 3 winners. Leaders at oceanic bird
what annoys me the most is wen peple say there fat wen actually they r in a reallly good shape or normal how u shud be. Being in physically good shape keeps you sharp mentally... Time to workout!! Jus finished the most interesting shape class!!! SeE everyone @ St Johns Tonight Doing the race for the cure =] Man.. im outta shape!! Well go whip those boys into shape! How do you stay in such terrific shape? You must work out twice a day and eat lots of rice cakes. Lap 160, P12 caution, we should be in good shape, have freshest tires The steel wool paint/plaster removal will take a bit of time, but the floors are in good shape and pretty. so im getting into the health mood cause i want to so as soon as i get back in shape doesnot mean loose 100lbs just enough to feel.... fuck the tredmill.. I wish I had a my-size hamster wheel! You bet my ass would be in shape Lap 160, P12 caution, we should be in good shape, have freshest tires More power to you if you have some shape! The people who shape our lives and our cultures have the ability to communicate a vision, a quest,a joy or a mission-Tony Robbins Coffeehouse name idea: Muslin Coffee. This is the first name I've really liked. Imagine logo bent-teardrop-shape muslin pattern. Trains are shaped like bullets to create a streamlined shape as well as reducing drag. betty has the coke bottle shape....:p Sunny summer day. Little breeze. Pad. H tees off at 1:25 EST Tiger @ 1:45, Els off 1st tee into woods. Fairws/Grns primo shape Stupid ankle still I am so tired of it. If it doesn't shape up soon, I believe I will replace it with a bionic one. That'll show it! If this is the real McCoy, then the Birds are in better shape than I thought SAVE $105 - Sterling Silver 2.25 carats total weight Shape Swiss Blue Topaz Pendant Earrings and 18 inch... HUB Helsinki co-op taking shape. Mindboggling! Strange urge to listen Scorpions' Wind of Change. I seriously hope I can resist. toning up to play a woman. Why are my characters in better shape than I? Even the girls. u think it's silly, I think it's sexy...now I don't have to wonder bout the ass shape. It's right there just ran home from church trying to get back in shape for track talyor shaffer this my phone # 812-346-4768 ... Jbird said that if I was a coach I'd be exactly like him.....personality, shape, etc. good,keep those 'feet of fire' in good shape for the final!I thinkyou have agood chance again this yea A shape-shifter? Shut the **** up! has gone to skin and shape fair to see what all the fuss is about, tp'd in under floor (angry) why didnt they ... I'm sorry for the shape I'm in. I'm sorry but I lost it friend. I'll never see your face again. The ... love the new balloon look with those fun, foil shape balloons. When you want the best balloons call Balloonville in St. Louis ABQ_News - 13 special shape balloons stuck in China : The Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta is a littl.. I wanna watch Inglorious Bastards and Fame!!!!!! F my body weight. I need to shape up and get my stamina back. I'm sorry for the shape I'm inI'm sorry but I lost it friendI'll never see your face againThere&#39 ... looking forward to h2o aerobics with the silver set tomorrow at the Y. My guess is that they are in much better shape than yours truly. It's not the end it's only the beginning. Working out and getting back into shape is a good feeling. Lets hope I can stay committed. It's not the end it's only the beginning. Working out and getting back into shape is a good feeling. Let's hope I can stay committed. Still out of shape. Lasted longer swimming this morning though! I meant what happened to Mark Sanchez? Crompton is in good shape career wise. Heavy reading for a Sunday morning: Two Cases Shape the Future of Land Use in Wyoming: Alex Hitchens only a fiction and came in the shape of Will Smith. No woman wanna get hitched by no man than hitch Yes, as in you weave bacon into a shape and then cook it. It works. Wonderfully. out of its beauty... I think that's why anyway. effective people have the ability 2 move themselves and others 2 action because they understand the "the invisible forces" that shape us. For Sale: misc name brand clothing items in great shape (champaign) $15: i am selling.. Shape-Fast Ultra provides key ingredients to promote Metabolic hermogenesis Appetite Suppression more Check out store. Large Trampoline Great Shape (19 John R): call or come in good shape Kids Have Grown 1-248-225-5888 Shower, food, then exercise. I'm getting in shape for winter! beach bod? Hell no, snow bod! Gotta keep those feet in tip top shape!! :-) Those baguettes should be called Gam-uettes.... Nice shape, color & slash marks. Good job!! BTW <3 your :) "brooklyn brooklyn take me in are you aware the shape im in my hands they shake my head it spins..." new cd out 9/29
cd release last night in NYC was awesome! "FOUND" comes out on Tuesday! OR pre-order at invest in a journal. it really does help release things off ur mind --- so does masturbating "Catch & release" policy in your household? (re)discover the first public release of Mac OS X Bruce Springsteen Tickets-New Album for the Boss: Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band will release a new al.. Today, I tested Mandriva 2010 RC1 in Heidelberg. Whoa, how stable and functional! Looking forward for the final release.... Very excited about the upcoming Android 1.6 release. I always buy d limited eds.. Without knwing they ARE limited.When I bought it has been long aftr release.They still hv it. O_o Press Release: TJ's DJ's Celebrates 15 Years of Industry Excellence with Stars & Tastemakers [Release] Voodoo - OOP Hook and Memory Editing Library: This is the post introducing my Out-Of-Process hooking .. - wow that is amazing! 26th in japan - with just about 2 months till release! Omg adam is truly the worlds idol! New Post: 2009 Ratings and Stats First Release: The teams are connected strongly enough for all the ra.. I've never seen that all the way through! Am gonna have to. And apparently it was on the UK re-release FREE eBook - How to use a forgotten Feel Good Trigger to instantly release fear and stress: The (release to manufactures) version of Windows 7 is errr out there if you know where to look. maybe they got the okay to re-release it after a period of time. Hahaha i cant wait to the release!!! Stadium Capital Management Announces Opposition to Unfair and ... - PR-CANADA.net (press release): Stadium Capi.. where's Danity Kane at. all their songs were smahses! damn. and Day 26 why didn't they release they're album in the UK, kinda unfair. 2 weeks! The countdown begins to the Record Release show! Get in touch with us and get your tickets or buy them... Stadium Capital Management Announces Opposition to Unfair and ... - PR-CANADA.net (press release): Stadium Capi.. Thanks to everyone that made it to the CD Release. The CD is now available online: Check received. Now the problem is getting the to release it. juss got out of church...God helped me release!!!! So glad we came to this church They should release a plugin or something. Oh and could you do that 'how fast can you text?' poll? Vick just took his first big hit after the release from Looked nasty. Why cant scotty speight win one week in FF???? Heard they are soon going to release Linux kernel for All there DSP Lines..God knows when.. I can hardly contain my excitement! October holds the release of Windows 7 and Google Wave! Geeks unite! The Final Destination 4 now showing free online free at freemoviesite.net, New release movies 24/7 *NEW RELEASE* INT'HUSTLE PROD ED.VOL3 W/ DOWN HERE Swans album release show confirmed! feat. Sewing Machines & Green Grocer (Future Folk Records), Lightfoot (of Vox Pop), details on the blog AMAZING night last night! Thank you congrats on your release this tuesday! btw would it be too much to ask what anime's you guys have plan to release on blueray? Thanks in advance! You guys rock! 55 days until the release of !! So excited! Law and Order : SVU - Episode 11.03 - Solitary - Press Release All the buzz says a busy upcoming year for Adam. Album release, tour, promoting movie music, and from the hype an insane awards season. :):) Blog update: Jackpot: Jackpot is a trio from Stockholm and with the release of their italodisco/ea.. I feel so trapped and controlled right now...im doing what i want this weekend. I'm 18 release the fucking chain! Shumbi Launches New Discovery Software - PR-USA.net (press release): Shumbi Launches New D.. Law and Order : SVU - Episode 11.03 - Solitary - Press Release
and I r talking about touring craft breweries on cool stuff Any breweries near Route 66? Mapped 2009-09-27 Route (20.34 mi.) Awesome slant route by Sidney Rice and Favre hit him for a 30-yard TD ... 7-0 Vikings with 8:38 left in first Just leaving the shin-dig in Walla Walla. Taking the scenic route home by Mt Ranier. The weathers too gorgeous to waste! Favre's first regular season TD pass at the Metrodome for the Vikings looked familiar: Perfect touch on a skinny post route to Sidney Rice. ok, why do u wish u worked in Jersey? Lemme find out u was gettin low on route 4??? Lol quotes, "Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat." - Sun Tzu Awesome slant route by Sidney Rice and Favre hit him for a 30-yard TD ... 7-0 Vikings with 8:38 left in the 1st qtr<yay! Awesome slant route by Sidney Rice and Favre hit him for a 30-yard TD ... 7-0 Vikings with 8:38 left in the first ESCAPE ROUTE! Decided to go up (and down) that hill I've been avoiding. Actually not too bad and it makes a nice <3 mile route. Route 1 At Tony's on I-75. En route to renfest. My week of work begins. This time Friday I'll be flying over the Tasman in route to Melbourne. :) En route to Dumont, Uva Wines, Academy, Spoonbill, the whole Williamsburg x-perience Awesome slant route by Sidney Rice and Favre hit him for a 30-yard TD ... 7-0 Vikings with 8:38 left in the first en route bck 2 JHB! En route to Vegas for a night for bro-in-law's Watching the Browns Brady throws an interception looks like Brylon ran the wrong route. Route Delivery - The Grand Rapids Press Employment Ads - Grand Rapids, MI: ROUTE DELIVERY - $600-$800/wk. Compa.. En route to savannah ga.... I've got butterflies already We r en route! Be there in 20 At Chadwicks, enjoying champagne, waiting for the arrival of & ... Round Top, Texas the place 4 for the next 8 days.The Village Green Antiques Shops, Now Open,CHECK IT OUT.Route 237 This ride route is total shit!! AT: 9/27/2009 11:16 AM FIRE OR EXPLOSION - SINGLE UNIT RESPONSE AT 4700 JOEL HOLT: FIRE(1) EN ROUTE OF EPPD) Made a 15 Km route through the mountains with my dogs. *Beautiful* views. We got as high as the vulture nests. Loads of pics. in fairness, that was Galloway. We have no idea whether he had run the right route or cut it off too soon. Holly shit skins run a fade route to kelly !!! En route to the gym ... POW ! ROUTE MANAGER AMUSEMENT VENDING: Details: ROUTE MANAGER INSTALL, SERVICE AND R.. Today's route: accidentally left old route in at the beginning. So thankful for my church family. Now en route from MSP to MKE. an off day today en route to the city of sin for tomorrow night at the House of Blues! ... anything havin is workinHard4but niggaz like2take the easy route&fck w|whores&I d ... Via I've seen enough movies to know this means the Antichrist is en route to planet Burning a j en route to brunch, I'll be ready to eat! Car show on route 3 Finally learning our lesson and taking the scenic 17/301 route home. The weekend ended too soon! I also heard Scenic Route is going out of business! Love their chip! Tita who lives in Brookside just arrived at my house, after 8 hrs, taking their vehicle on a lengthy route to avoid the water. When Skate 22 on Route 22 was POPPIN ok, thanks - I've never watched this route before. We'd actually be up for anywhere fun/good deal in Europe that weekend! On third and long, trips right, and Ryan calmly drops back and hits Jason Snelling on a crossing route for 21 yards !! fantastic! I really enjoyed following your route thru spot, as well. Congrats AFAIK, they had power restored to their area of Brookside. However, they took quite a long route to get here. Keeep me posted on the game...I'm still en route to the crib!!! Map your genetic ancestors migration route from 200000yrs back to current, Package Cost 5k Rs now da route has begun!!! LoL no respect Pass Inc over middle. 2-10 pass nearly picked on post route 3-10 rollout to 4-2 pass incomplete knocked out of hands. Blitz ball
Question (GMAT Verbal Practice): I had 2 leave church early so I can go take this GMAT and I forgot 2 bring a calculator and a pencil. Booooooooooo! also re: GMAT-wait as long as you can bcuz all the fired investment bankers bumped up the math scale-flip side, verbal is so easy now. Don't miss the university deadlines. Join the TOEFL-SAT-GRE-GMAT courses as soon as possible. Question (GMAT Data Sufficiency Questions): doing GMAT in my sleep lol I need to study but can't doing it seriously. How is ur CMA? Old Guys On He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. - Confucius GMAT is not as easy as I thought... specially if I want a 700 I just Beat The GMAT! :: 680 to 720 (46Q 42V)! Finally beat the GMAT... I just Beat The GMAT! :: 690 to 730...thanks to Manhattan Great Sunday ahead... Yoga @ lawrenceathleticcenter and then muttrun. Well, great day until gmat studying takes over my life! Great Sunday ahead... Yoga @ and then Well, "great" day until studying takes over my life! I have a love-hate relationship with Kaplan's GMAT prep. Today, it is mostly hate: The practice test is scheduled from 7 - 11 tonight. 11! How can we Calculate Fast: GMAT, CAT, SNAP, XAT, GRE, MAT: nikhilam September 27, 2009 7:00 AM (GMT.. Glad I got to catch Flash Forward yesterday online between GMAT and fun, it was pretty good. I wonder where they'll take the show? Eating meal 1 out of 6, going to get organized for today and the week. Reading GMAT. Gym. Group project tonight... How To Study For GMAT: Great...how's gmat stuff going? and who's this in ur arms in the dp?? ur best frnd i suppose? ;) Question (GMAT Functions): MBA - My Bloody Addiction: GMAT prep Preparing GMAT... never been this motivated before... GMAT GARBA = VERY BAD COMBINATION Test of the day: GMAT Data Presentation: GMAT: Studying for the GMAT is rough, my brain hasn't worked this hard in the last 4 months combined. It's not used to this "critical thinking." Question (GMAT Data Sufficiency Sample Problems): GMAT: Which books to do first Don't miss the university deadlines. Join the TOEFL-SAT-GRE-GMAT courses as soon as possible. My GMAT Prep: My GMAT Experience - 730 New 10 Best Tips to Get High GMAT Math Score: The GMAT exam is a standardized assessment, .. Question (GMAT Ratio Problems): what the heck is GMAT? holla at me tomorrow. i wanna hear how the gmat went Question (GMAT Exam: Quadratic Equations): i was just about to ask how your gmat's went. hope it went well So, two more math tutor sessions today: two hours of AP Calculus (working with derivatives), and 90 minutes of GMAT prep. Question (GMAT Number System): GMAT: whats wrong with me :S Is proud of Justin for rocking the GMAT with an awesome score! Yay. shavua tov to you to brother GMAT chasima tovah. You should be INS robed for a good and sweet year ;-) Thanks a bunch GMAT: One month strategy for retaking the test Send your public comment about GMAT to : Public Comments are welcome about GMAT requirement on MBA. Even though we set GMAT requirement, how about the effectiveness&being essential? Question (Data Sufficiency GMAT): GMAT: One month strategy for retaking the test
when niggas use to take the chalk and write on the blacktop and play hopscotch? when we used to play hopscotch and cooking with plastic foods? (via when we used to play hopscotch and cooking with plastic foods? saw little hopscotch mcgee in the basement!! what a silly little frog! Make ya bust it bby hopscotch, rite over to my spot, said she wanna Just Added: Switch it by Nan Hopscotch (Women's) - Turquoise Vintage Leather we played hopscotch! If it makes me conceited to love me everyday while you play hopscotch bout when you do...well fine then it is what it is...next when girls played hopscotch on the street? i loved that wen we used to have mad fun on the block playin stupid shit like dodge ball, two hand touch hopscotch double dutch etc when we used to play hopscotch, tips & so on. well, we stil play tips @ BaGHS buh yee, you getwhat i mean:L i know that by mosh pit you mean a group of 12 year old girls playing hopscotch on the lawn Red light, Green light. Lunch tickets. 25c candy in a brown paper bag. Hopscotch, doubledutch, kickball & dodgeb ... I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Hopscotch Tables": i when we used to play double dutch and hopscotch and tag... too bad children dont play dem games anymore. ABC Orders Jerry Bruckheimer's Hopscotch stage? What u doin... Hopscotch?? Jk Red light, Green light. Lunch tickets. 25c candy in a brown paper bag. Hopscotch, doubledutch, kickbal ... Red light, Green light. Lunch tickets. 25c candy in a brown paper bag. Hopscotch, kickball & dodgeball Now I know why u liek Christmas more than pussy because it comes around more often! hey do u wanna play hopscotch? Red light, Green light. Lunch tickets. 25c candy in a brown paper bag. Hopscotch, doubledutch, kickball & dodgeball My favorites Hopscotch (Walter Matthau was killer in this), The Usual Suspects, Singing in the Rain, Love Actually when u played freeze tag, red light green light, momma may I, and hopscotch <~~i still play=-) Some days are hopscotch kind of days, some days are getting-nailed-at-dodgeball kind of days. the skool playground alwaaaays had a line for hopscotch, the rings, and alllways tetherball<--lol when you would play hopscotch barefoot under the hot Ghana sun drinking mascatella :) ABC plays 'Hopscotch': Front Page: Bruckheimer is extending his ties to network -- Jerry Bruckheimer is exte the skool playground alwaaaays had a line for hopscotch, the rings, and alllways tetherball<hell yea The hopscotch of shame the skool playground alwaaaays had a line for hopscotch, the rings, and alllways tetherball I love how when I say I'm gonna work on my car, it ends up being me watching my dad do it & me drawing hopscotch on the cement. Helper fail when you use to go outside and play hopscotch jumprope and pattycake for fun ! when you use to go outside and play hopscotch jumprope and pattycake for fun ! hopSCOTCH now im mad atchuu imah kill uu w/ kindNESS! keep messinq w/ mee playing Twister Hopscotch with Lexi xP;babysitting till like 5ish then babysitting the greatgrandmother till 10call ... playiing Twister Hopscotch wiith Lexi xP;;babysitting till like 5 iish then babysitting the greatgrandmother till 1 ... I was on the hopscotch all star team. I was the best,but then I discovered tetherball. So I had to retire from hopscotch. playiing Twister Hopscotch wiith Lexi xP;;babysitting till like 5 iish then babysitting the greatgrandmother till 1 ... HOPSCOTCH: Are we? HOPSCOTCH: Yeah, we are. In from playing hopscotch and blowing bubbles with the munchkin. Now, what to make for lunch? Last Year= We were playing hopscotch. "Mr. Dave, InSu just said the 's' word!" This Year=We play poker. "Pak Jhony, Bryan called me a MILF!" hi babes I want to bring out my next track which one do you prefer hopscotch or international ... Tibeng is hopscotch. Don't tell me ktk xpnh main ya? So people were trying to beat the worlds longest hopscotch in my girlfriends parents neighborhood, wild and then.. i think their playingn hopscotch with heels. Tickets for this year's Hopscotch festival go on sale on the 1st October... Are you going this year? hopscotch in the park with flip flopsss Nancyland, Vancouver Foodie Fun: Remembering Hopscotch 2008 Nancyland, Vancouver Foodie Fun: Remembering Hopscotch 2008 The most epic game of hopscotch ever.
RAIN WILL GRADUALLY MOVE INTO WESTERN NEW ENGLAND BY 1 AM. RAINFALL AMOUNTS FROM 10 PM TO 1 AM WILL B.. SCATTERED SHOWERS AND EMBEDDED THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE TO MOVE AT AROUND 10 MPH. THESE SHOWERS AN.. SCATTERED SHOWERS AND THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE TO LIFT ACROSS CENTRAL ILLINOIS EARLY THIS AFTERNOO.. SCATTERED SHOWERS AND THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE TO LIFT ACROSS CENTRAL ILLINOIS EARLY THIS AFTERNOO.. SCATTERED SHOWERS AND EMBEDDED THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE TO MOVE AT AROUND 10 MPH. THESE SHOWERS AN.. SCATTERED SHOWERS AND EMBEDDED THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE TO MOVE AT AROUND 10 MPH. THESE SHOWERS AN.. SCATTERED SHOWERS AND EMBEDDED THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE TO MOVE AT AROUND 10 MPH. THESE SHOWERS AN.. SCATTERED SHOWERS AND EMBEDDED THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE TO MOVE AT AROUND 10 MPH. THESE SHOWERS AN.. SCATTERED SHOWERS AND EMBEDDED THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE TO MOVE AT AROUND 10 MPH. THESE SHOWERS AN.. SCATTERED SHOWERS AND ISOLATED THUNDERSTORMS WILL MOVE ACROSS OF SOUTHERN AND CENTRAL .. Things are pretty quiet tonight. Scattered areas of light rain continue to move across East Texas. Temps are in the mid 60s. LOOK FOR SCATTERED SHOWERS TO CONTINUE TO DEVELOP AND MOVE AT 25 MPH OVER MUCH OF SOUTHEAST NEW MEXICO.. LOOK FOR SCATTERED SHOWERS TO CONTINUE TO DEVELOP AND MOVE AT 25 MPH OVER MUCH OF SOUTHEAST NEW MEXICO.. SCATTERED SHOWERS...AND ISOLATED WEAK THUNDERSTORMS...WILL CONTINUE TO SPREAD AT 25 MPH OVER MUCH OF W.. SCATTERED SHOWERS...AND ISOLATED WEAK THUNDERSTORMS...WILL CONTINUE TO SPREAD AT 25 MPH OVER MUCH OF W.. THROUGH 9 AM...AREAS OF PATCHY LIGHT RAIN WILL CONTINUE TO STREAM ACROSS MUCH OF CENTRAL AND NOR.. SCATTERED SHOWERS AND THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE TO MOVE THROUGH CENTRAL INDIANA THIS EVENING. MOST A.. SCATTERED SHOWERS AND THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE TO MOVE THROUGH CENTRAL INDIANA THIS EVENING. MOST A.. SCATTERED SHOWERS AND THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE TO MOVE THROUGH CENTRAL INDIANA THIS EVENING. MOST A.. SCATTERED SHOWERS AND THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE TO MOVE THROUGH CENTRAL INDIANA THIS EVENING. MOST A.. Flood advisories in Mansfield area, Rio Grande City and flash flood warning SE of Hebbronville. AREAS OF LIGHT TO MODERATE RAIN WILL CONTINUE TO STREAM ACROSS THE CAROLINA MOUNTAINS AND FOOTHI.. NUMEROUS SHOWERS AND SCATTERED THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE TO STREAM AT 15 MPH ACROSS WESTERN KE.. NUMEROUS SHOWERS AND SCATTERED THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE TO STREAM AT 15 MPH ACROSS WESTERN KE.. NUMEROUS SHOWERS AND SCATTERED THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE TO STREAM AT 15 MPH ACROSS WESTERN KE.. ISOLATED SHOWERS AND THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE DEVELOP AND MOVE AT AROUND 10 MPH. ALTHOUGH MOST AREA.. ISOLATED SHOWERS AND THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE DEVELOP AND MOVE AT AROUND 10 MPH. ALTHOUGH MOST AREA.. ISOLATED SHOWERS AND THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE DEVELOP AND MOVE AT AROUND 10 MPH. ALTHOUGH MOST AREA.. ISOLATED SHOWERS AND THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE DEVELOP AND MOVE AT AROUND 10 MPH. ALTHOUGH MOST AREA.. NUMEROUS SHOWERS AND SCATTERED THUNDERSTORMS WILL CONTINUE TO STREAM AT 15 MPH ACROSS WESTERN KE..
MORRIS: A LIFE WITH BELLS ON IS AMAAAAAAAAAAAAZING. GO N SEE IT. FOLK AGAINST FASCISM MORRIS: A LIFE WITH BELLS ON IS AMAAAAAAAAAAAAZING. GO N SEE IT. FOLK AGAINST FASCISM If all U know about Hitler is holocaust and U ignore the fascism, U cannot intelligently relate 2 current events. As soon as corporations assume full civic privileges and protections we shall know fascism knocking on door. Down with Communism, Fascism and Nazism. All forms of extremism in general. If you say that any criticism of Obama fascism "DEVALUATE horrors of HOLOCAUST" then U will B 2blame 4next one you're right. Collaboration of gov and corp is not capitalism however, it's corporatism or economic and it is evil. with some limited exceptions like the unite against Fascism event you're right. Collaboration of government and private is not capitalism however, it's corporatism or economic fascism and it is evil. doesn't mean he's murdered 11 million ppl || just shows U R intentionally oblivious. Give up already if U don't understand fascism. Fascism in America and Obama's FCC Diversity Chief, Mark Lloyd He's a thought-provoking, fascism-fighting machine.. Check this video out -- Official Trailer for AMERICA: FREEDOM TO FASCISM The Christian right and the rise of American Fascism. Scary, and confusing, when "good" becomes of evil... The rise of fascism in America. A bone chilling prediction written 8 years ago - describing America of today? via Baucus Bill, Mandate Penalty Could Lead to Prison, Congressional Analysts Say: FASCISM!!!! Cnn-tent city-the results of .If you don't think this can happen to you.Think again.bbc fox Here's the definition: "FASCISM: a radical and authoritarian nationalist political ideology and a corporatist economic ideology" Back from Hippies are the of people who practice eco fascism and anarchy side by side. Stupid double standard if u ask me. Merseyside Coalition Against Racism and Fascism: Week of Bluder ...- This week the BNP seems to have really ... But that is Nietzsche speak or proto Fascism. The term 'strong' should be banned from rational discourse unless you mean coffee Time has come for UN Sec Council to name religious fascism of Iran as main threat to peace & security in world when fascism comes to America, It will not be with jackboots. It will be Nike sneakers and smiley Smiley-smiley. - George Carlin If Leftists think 1930-1936 were exemplary years, they haven't read world history. Nazis, fascism, isolationist is Eng and US. Wow. Schnauzers against fascism! BNP activity in Merseyside :Merseyside Coalition Against Racism and Fascism: Americans Defeat Fascism...Again! but the battle continues Done with History Fascism worksheet, gotta rewrite the sbq answer now. Socialism tomorrow? Vote against communism and fascism Vote against communism and fascism that's not fascism, that's the x-factor!! The South is a wasteland of Carls Jr, Evangelical fanaticism, morANS, racism, fascism, and everything wrong in the world. Bush, Nazis And Fascism, Where Did They Meet? - you're right. Seducing votes via personality cultist then serving finance oligarchs - not communism, it's economic fascism. Dreamed about real Fascism last night. They came for the old first. The young didn't mind. The best ideas for world recovery, free from fascism and free from that bankster driven British Evil Empire is found on fascism is alive and well in "park slope" -> doug rushkoff intvw on Life Inc It's easier to believe those who can lay out a case vice those who scream about nonsense like "fascism", "Marxism", etc. Just re-read the Mussolini chapter of Liberal Fascism. is a genius. has come for UN Sec Council to name religious fascism of Iran as main threat to peace & security in world has come for UN Sec Council to name religious fascism of Iran as main threat to peace & security in world has come for UN Sec Council to name religious fascism of Iran as main threat to peace & security in world has come for UN Sec Council to name religious fascism of Iran as main threat to peace & security in world has come for UN Sec Council to name religious fascism of Iran as main threat to peace & security in world a it's much like socialism in that manner. The extreme of socialism isn't fascism, it is indeed anarchy.
Featuring the Raindrop of Love 0.64 Carat Round Simulated Diamond Pendant. Included is a Solid .925 Sterling Silver I.. Acupuncture, Raindrop, Sweat Lodges. Retreats and Shareing. Visioning a beautiful future, steping into it, on a path of inspirational ease. All I here is raindrop, falling on the rooftop. tell me why'd u have to go. Cause this pain I feel, it won't go away. officially missing u.. thanks for the double of / a single raindrop / bold announcement from above / a few fallen leaves bRain raindrop earrings with brain contours - available in black or white Professional NCMTMB Accredited classes on Raindrop Technique,VitaFlex,Chemistry...more Professional NCMTMB Accredited classes on Raindrop Technique,VitaFlex,Chemistry...more Professional NCMTMB Accredited classes on Raindrop Technique,VitaFlex,Chemistry...more Professional NCMTMB Accredited classes on Raindrop Technique,VitaFlex,Chemistry...more Professional NCMTMB Accredited classes on Raindrop Technique,VitaFlex,Chemistry...more Professional NCMTMB Accredited classes on Raindrop Technique,VitaFlex,Chemistry...more its a rainy day gonna relax I love hearing the raindrop fall very relaxing *laugh* Mine haven't. The werewolf side of me doesn't like the humidity it brings. I like listening to raindrop sound though. what is the speed of a Raindrop? Agreetotally u caneven smell single raindrop/bold announcement 4mabove/afew fallenle.. Agree totally u can even smell autumn a single raindrop /bold announcement from above /a few fallen leaves Hit in the eye w/ a raindrop! - Ryan [Ross] the Raindrop is still sexy, bitches! (: used to love singing this line, "Every raindrop is a blessing..." Now it seems not only irrelevant, but INAPPROPRIATE... glittering fall / flashing before the streetlights / raindrop on my tongue "If a raindrop was a kiss I'd send you a storm. If a smile was water I'd send you the sea. If you need love I'll send you me." would like to ride a raindrop down the leaves of a tree. A raindrop just hit me on my lip. It wasn't pleasent. But I do luhv the smell of rain. Im wondering....... does a raindrop envoke a special emotion OUCH ! this big raindrop just hit my head HARD ! Dear pa drivers, you do not need to brake because a raindrop hit your car. Almost wrecked my car cause of your stupidity. Last moments of a 3 day training -lunch@Sundance today, Bridal Veil, Raindrop therapy with the ladies last night at my house-I love my job! if i had a dime for every raindrop today....man id pay all of yalls tuition. I love when they show the raindrop filled camera angles... If love was a raindrop I would send you a shower *Wonders what a raindrop feels when it traces a face* indeed. Iast time we reconnected she fell on us random as a raindrop. looks like she's in the wind again. Raindrop Earrings are new in my Etsy shop! My 5-yr-old JUST discovered your show on Treehouse -- Demanded I sit down with her RIGHT NOW and see you sing "Raindrop Bop" :) Raindrop POP sighting! Right now on Treehouse. See you on Oct 24 at Diaper Disco! My today says: Coffee craving fish tossing ferry riding flannel wearing raindrop dodging Seahawk loving latte loving SEATTLE GIRL. Tomorrow's the first of my photo workshops. If this weather keeps up, it will turn into a macro raindrop instructional. every single raindrop means bored! yes,,, the raindrop is falling down.. Definitely it. Do it again? Anytime. Still stuck as the osmosis raindrop. River-stop flowing and be patient for once. I need to j ... just like a raindrop in the sea of consciousness. it's all matter...
enjoying my green smoothie ( swiss chard, cucumber, carrot, apple, lime and a pint of mint) CUCUMBER! multitasking...canning pickles, drying cucumber seeds, drinkin beer and watching football. - Halibut Carpaccio with Heirloom Tomatoes and Cucumber. Delicious! A citrusy Refreshing. Free Juicer Recipes * Carrot Cucumber Celery Juice With Young Coconut Water *.. It was gin and some elderberry liquer muddled with cucumber, and holy HELL it was good. YES! Right answer! So, I want a pamper day like you had. What do I need to buy?? Cucumber for my eyes? cucumber-9...hair gel-10...foot-10 1/2 lol ...shampoo bottle-10...lmao! Review of the Large Family Vegetable Garden: 20 Item Collection includes Cucumber at home cooking Schnitzel with homemade fries and cucumber salad...only one person missing :( Did you ever eat a cucumber/zucchini??? Well,don't do it... NEVER!!! :) haha cucumber ey?! Was that your brother Son no.2 running around the house randomly shouting "Cucumber! Cucumber!" diagnosis anyone? I forgot to add that is now also on Twitter. Hooray for cucumber sandwiches with the crusts cut off. I am really enjoying learning and Nothing like beginer's mind and imminent presentation to spur the learning. In my haste, I forgot to add that is now also on Twitter. Hooray for cucumber sandwiches with the crusts cut off. Craving for a fried rice (with no meat) and cucumber... Om-nom-nomed a whole bunch of rice, eggs, peach and cucumber. Feeling super full now. Urgh, those pain pills better work too. last night - Claypot Pork , roast acorn squash, rice, cucumber salad I am now going to attempt to make cucumber in black bean sauce, pork belly and deep-fried aubergine, and potato and green bean in oil. you forgot to incorporate 'cucumber' into that tweet. Perhaps "I'm sleeping with clothes on and without a cucumber" commented on the eHow "How to make Grilled Fish with Cucumber Relish" going for an indian buffet now..maybe some cucumber raita there.. I eat cucumber with choclate cream Brunch menu: baked vanilla and almond brioche french toast, 30 minute cooked scrambled eggs, watermelon and cucumber salad To get lost while eating a euro in Prague 1 is equivalent to stumbling upon a fairyland of graffitied castles and cucumber sauce. O-not freaky.10-REAL FREAKY?lik use a bottle next time or shit on me! do using a cucumber, hair gel & chiuahua go?! no gd... let the chompin begin...where me cucumber n toms , mst hav dunkin equipment haha is placing an order for hand sanitizer Friday. Let me know if you need Peach, Cucumber Melon and Vanilla. $1.00 eac ... Looking through all my e-mail, Facebook, blogs with cucumber slices on my face :) had an awesome lunch... chola, pudi, aloo gobi mutter, veg pulao, cucumber raitha and haan salad and custard... i am full till my throat :) okey dokey, miss sea cucumber!! =) *cipok pake gurame lesbi* me too. Cucumber sandwiched. Yum. craving cucumber sandwiches - Tomato & cucumber salad w/shallots yum! Organic coffee in the morning. And organic green tea with peach & cucumber flavors at night! Yummy! Bumps breaks with Cucumber 0.3.103 - fixing now Tinychat is unpredictable...Dis bitch don jus randomly playin w/ herself....with a fuggin cucumber....SMH! NEW: Cucumber Sandwich On White Bread - [Royalty-Free (RF), Stock Illustrations, Clip Graphics] NEW: Digital Collage Of Cucumber, Cheese And Ham ... [Royalty-Free (RF), Stock Illustrations, Clip Graph.. I'm not trying to deprive you of beer! You can have it both ways - beer tonight, cold water and cucumber in the morning. Only 5 SEATS LEFT in our Thai Favorites class this Wednesday night! You'll learn to make Thai Cucumber Salad,... Why are sandwiches so unimaginative? Tuna comes with mayo and either cucumber or sweetcorn. End of. Why? WHY? WHY!>?>!>!> Tuna & cucumber baguette, bought largely with the logic that surely it's hard to fuck something so simple up too badly 'Image not found'? But may I suggest cold water/cucumber slices/sleep? Steak and chips. Steph had a salad and made me eat the two salady things I like (cucumber and red peppers). basil cucumber - right or wrong? ha, well I always put it on cucumber cause it's gorge, didn't try fruit untill I saw Yasmin do it and it's proper nice ha! , salt on apple, cucumber and all other fruit :D
Aww...yellow girl wit box head jst left d house....x i have lady gaga stuck in my head lol Everyone head to my myspace page to hear two new songs! 'The Shoes Song' and 'Manifest'. They're at the bottom of the list... =) im eatin hot links; chicken wings corn bread and sum beans. mmm head ass Ugh, now I know why my head has been going haywire; pressure has been dropping almost every hour for the past 24hrs someone say something to cheer me up, i,m contemplating putting my head in a chip fryer! :( Bout to head to Va with Megan to watch this race. Wishing I was going to the baq to watch football though. Hit me u ... Me: Vivi! Throw this bottle at zuzzy *throws hits zuzzy in the head* LMFAO!! Good Times For the second week in a row, the 'skins turn the ball over on downs, inside the 2. *shakes head* About to head out to the oceanfront...CATCH 31...then who knows! CHilliNN BOUT 2 Head OUT 2 mEllz BRIIB DAzzz Its a head trip... lots of your mind? Check out the head trip sale :) I find myself narrating in my head after reading About to head to soccer practice! Its gonna be hard to make it to work afterwards! My head feels VERY light Just woke up... Head a lil My head I'm going back to sleep ttyl havent left my flat since friday 4.30 pm. didnt shower either.nose looks like raw meat,head will prob explode within 2hrs. just want to die I hate. I'm jst quiet & look mean, which is ez wen u shave ur head. but truely I cant thnk wut 2 say, I lower my standards Head Aches.Tired.Shower.Idk,whats,up.texxtmeh.idc.bored.;*.&65 ... screamoing ny head of to bring me the horizon Dogfish Head Punkin Ale...tastes like Fall in a bottle. Perfect for a rainy football Sunday. my stomach is killing me and my head is spinning. WTF. yea, im whining again. :-/ i heard thats good for the hair but food items are for my stomach not my head lol head is to :/ How u goin anywhere if ya head is spinnin & takin a nap? My head spinnin naptime Can't get this trailer out of my head..."This might just a little" sooo great...New Moon will be the best movie ever! Wanna head to the fair for a funnel cake :) Just slept for 13 whole hours and I still got a head ace:( Dammit why did God create head aces? ... /head/edge/? Tonight Reggie Deas Express(Deas Guyz) - at The Jazz Corner. The Jazz Corner becomes the fun place on Hilton Head Island. Shut up and get out of my head, RIGHT NOW! You didn't hear that, you hear me? .. alright.. gonna go pick up my car.. then head into WORK.. NO HANGOVER!!! woot woot!!! =]] ... Gonna get my fantasy football teams setup and then head out to Precita Park w/ hella street folks to benefit Meet the robinsons = a great movie. "But I have a Big Head and Little Arms." Good Job Disney. *crinkles nose* You dont trust me? *tilts head and smiles* wanna go home ok bitch go head and go me and homegirl fin ta get reamed haha ima head of you by 10 tweets =) Dont let them get, inside of your head... Eagles: yall need to stop playin and gone head and let Mike Vick slay dat field...#realtalk Why is the 'you-just-acquired-a-piece-of-the-triforce' song playing in my head? I think so... not money to head to the gym... any other ideas? Awwwwww man my head !!!!!! :( i cant get up!! oh shit and where the fuck are we lmao!!!! If sum1 waz to come in da baq rm rite now & see me wit my head on da desk & zoeboy layd out onda floor sleep we bot wud be in deep shyt lmao y cant i ppl feelings ? UGH i hate that i be havin some MEAN thoughts in my head but cant say it. fucking in the ruff, elevator head by projects stair case han!!!! Evans in stripes? Touch his dog and he'll cut your head off. Then again who would argue w being woken up w great head? and guaranteed awesome toe-curling sex! "HEAD 2 DA SKY POKET FULL OF MONEY I'D RATHER DIE BROKE THEN LET EM TAKE IT FROM ME" ha ha ha there was this comment on youtube that said: girls are like math if there under 13 do them in your head
Kicking wet leaves amid the shiny russetness, still with streaks of thick green; thick fog, mottled sky, pregnant dawns. mottled. Mottled blue porcelain earrings The mottled skin on these Asian Figs was very interesting visually Sam's current favourite word is: mottled Beautiful! Are you a Shard lover? This bead has some of the new Mottled shards from I wonder how they would feel if i showed up unshowered, wearing the black dego tee and mottled pink yoga pants. it would not be pretty. Would just like to know that my left ankle is now purple and my right foot an interesting mottled yellow-green colour Mottled greens & browns of green opal are combined w/Swarovski crystals & Bali beads to make lovely necklace-earring set Mottled greens & browns of green opal are combined w/Swarovski crystals & Bali beads to make lovely necklace-earring set Mottled greens & browns of green opal are combined w/Swarovski crystals & Bali beads to make lovely necklace-earring set Mottled greens & browns of green opal are combined w/Swarovski crystals & Bali beads to make lovely necklace-earring set - Mottled maple leaves - Mottled maple leaf. A modern squared shape and rustic mottled finish give this simple pillar candle a touch of designer style. Pla Are you a Shard lover? This bead has some of the new Mottled shards from For your treasures, Cloud coiled gourd bowl with dark mottled shell For your treasures, Cloud coiled gourd bowl with dark mottled shell i'm avoiding work so just checked out your website. In love with the mottled gold clutch me. Need to win the lottery! Hand hammered sterling swirls dandle from the mottled blues & whites of this sodalite rectangular earring Hand hammered sterling swirls dandle from the mottled blues & whites of this sodalite rectangular earring Hand hammered sterling swirls dandle from the mottled blues & whites of this sodalite rectangular earring Hand hammered sterling swirls dandle from the mottled blues & whites of this sodalite rectangular earring All in all, a very mottled kind of day. And I HATE shopping in Cannes!!! Always did, always will. The shopgirls there are a waste of space. Red skies bare down on Sydney, over London a mottled grey washes over everything & it as though I am viewing the world through tinted specs. Wondering what to do with 6 beautiful speckled & mottled pears from my neighbor's tree. Any suggestions? Mine's grey spotty-mottled lino at the moment, once I have paint organised I'll rip the lino up. ^_^ Azuki: Azuki beans (Vigna angularis). Also written in English as "adzuki." Small (5 mm) dark red bean, mottled v.. A silver mottled wash on a transparent link of Dichroic glass w/aurora borealis Swarovski crystals make classy earrings A silver mottled wash on a transparent link of Dichroic glass w/aurora borealis Swarovski crystals make classy earrings A silver mottled wash on a transparent link of Dichroic glass w/aurora borealis Swarovski crystals make classy earrings A silver mottled wash on a transparent link of Dichroic glass w/aurora borealis Swarovski crystals make classy earrings Mottled Blue Mykonos Washers. Lovely color! via Westmorland Gaz / Rare to see Mottled Owls scald parcially peeled- all red and mottled. great going to work at new job with a hand that should star in a horror movie. Gerard Butler definately looks better shaven. And with half a mottled face.
okay i've found a but it's not sequined. i might be able to deal with the fact that sequins are just way out of my budget. is there any other way to describe a leopard/hot pink running (besides Betsy Johnson meets Flo Jo)? Ah can't find an outfit for tonight. Is it cold enough for a wool yet? eBay: Long White Tiered Crochet Knit Boho/Hippie/Gypsy $17.99 Looking to go out tonight dressed slutty in 5 inch heels and the Jean you have ever seen I believe if you check the definition of kilt, the word comes up. alreadii got tha pleated skool girl so ima take it 4rm there..purchase da fish nets 4rm werk 4 da low & I'm gudd wondering y she doesn't have a slip under da lmao... l i'ma going to were me mini to day damn do i look hot ! ;) White button-down, black the whole works, you know. nope,i was looking up her ..... ;-p I want a flouncy sequined high-waisted. black or white. with tulle underneath. anyone knows where I can get one? vintage ENGLISH CLASSICS Plaid No lie, sometimes I miss the plaid and the knee highs. Having a uniform made life easier. Totally doing that. I'll be bad drug-addled, grandad. When I'm 80, the 60-year-olds better watch out! Thank You! I got both comments a lot yesterday... AH! Your hair matches your And, JJ is SO handsome! can't wait to put on my new :) Japanese girls in front of Shibuya 109 - torn leggings, suspender jumper & Miu Miu I feel uncool at the meat counter because I'm not buying steak. All the other customers are. 8 people in line for this atm and I'm the only male. Ironically I'm also the only one wearing a I got a strechy today and I have no idea why it's making me laugh?! we gotta do market research sheet 4 music and finish the a3 sheet on 4 dt x when are yhoo not cleaning harry out????yeah sure enjoy yhoor dinner p.s. yhoor leggings look funky with that and boots! there were hymnals this morning (and i had to wear a :0 that's all i have to say ..... "Msg to Scott: Yeah well we need someone to hang the coats & serve drinks. What size do you wear?" - Pete (Lol!) Japanese girls in front of Shibuya 109 - torn leggings, suspender jumper & Miu Miu Petticoat is finally finished. Now for lunch, Supernatural, and perhaps interface cutting. More sewing next weekend, I still have HW. - this must be the first time in about a year, i have wore a that wasnt to school. im getting braver :) x My mom was like "if u gonna wear a dont u wana wear some nicer shoes?" I was like "thats the style, gotta wear the classics" same goes for that is it a coincidence I'm listening to the Cats soundtrack right now? Walking to with muffins in tow. Sunshiny and birdsingy and in a I feel like a princess in a Disney movie What was crazy is.. I played tennis, from elem-college. When I put the on, my mom jus stared. I think I begged 2 wear it. 28-9-09~updated with dresses,tops, two ways (can wear as tube dress or ! =) pay today(pay... i think i'll throw on this ugly french connection this rain is fuqin wit my attitude <-- yes! I just bought Rio Silver Tiara, Strappy Platform Sandals on Stardoll. Check out my Suite! My school n socks aren't even in my wardrobe! I discovered the in the depths of the laundry basket but hv not found the latter. Only thing I remember from the 90's was goin to see Immature @ the Fox & wearing a tennis & reeboks. I thought I was so cool yeah yesterday I was at my besties house! it was so fun! actually we made a purse with a can u belive it? I will (cont) Go 2 be in church again! Makeup, heels, n a too! Feel like a girl 2day! After some good Word gonna finish the house 2day! Yay!! please to send a picture of the Miz in such a froofy pretty please! now because im wearing a to a funeral im a whore!!!! dis Lady gets Holy Ghost and fell down when she jump'd up..TRUE STORY LMAO Smh!! Alas, no; I don't have my kit yet. Wore my morris groupie though. Wayzgoose were in kit, and a couple of the Jig Crew all i want is a blazer and a sequined why does that have to cost so much? and maybe a top too.. money drives me insane. no but seriously I didn't iron this 4 no reason....kmt! Best slimmer?Need 2 cover small saddlebags to waist.I'm size 6 and needs slim silhouette.I'm too "lumpy" in leg/butt LIMBO: Contretemps (n). Embarrassing occurrence. She caused a contretemps by tucking her into her pantyhose. - my all done 'cept for the hemming, but that can wait :) :) :) about to working on the dress has been dyes already. You want to meet me because you miss me or because you want me to try on your :P
New seesaw - Helping to maintain the illusion that a 10cm tall teddy near is capable of riding a seesaw Kids Seesaw (wheatridge): Metal seesaw. not heavy but about 6ft long. Like a seesaw, when I go to extremes on a issue, it's often because I'm seeking balance in my life over that very issue. the same fate..one man's downfall is another's like a seesaw!! It's a horrible seesaw no, i'm fucking sick and have seesaw'd between slightly and completely passed out Louis Gray: Scenes from a 2-year-old's where Matthew and Sarah try out a slide and seesaw. Scenes from a 2-year-old's where Matthew and Sarah try out a slide and seesaw. [pic] I dont trust anyone not even my own mom or family n def not others I only trust GOD n ppl arent in church n r satans seesaw on da playground By Carson-Newman wins seesaw battle, 23-20: With the win, C-N improves to 3-2 on the year and 1-0 in the SAC. ... Carson-Newman wins seesaw battle, 23-20: With the win, C-N improves to 3-2 on the year and 1-0 in the SAC. ... its too much aggrevation its like going on a seesaw ridge and at the park Troy wins seesaw battle over Arkansas State 30-27: JONESBORO, Ark. (AP) - In a game between two .. i think he is jealous thats why he is doing this now i have no idea anymore but i can't be on the seesaw anymore From the AP: Troy wins seesaw battle over Arkansas State 30-27 Troy wins seesaw battle over Arkansas State 30-27 (AP) - AP - In a game between two of the Sun ... Troy wins seesaw battle over Arkansas State 30-27 (AP) - AP - In a game between two of the Sun ... Yahoo Troy wins seesaw battle over Arkansas State 30-27 (AP) Yahoo Troy wins seesaw battle over Arkansas State 30-27 (AP) Yahoo Troy wins seesaw battle over Arkansas State 30-27 (AP) Yahoo Troy wins seesaw battle over Arkansas State 30-27 (AP) Yahoo Troy wins seesaw battle over Arkansas State 30-27 (AP) Yahoo Troy wins seesaw battle over Arkansas State 30-27 (AP) Yahoo Troy wins seesaw battle over Arkansas State 30-27 (AP) Yahoo Troy wins seesaw battle over Arkansas State 30-27 (AP) Yahoo Troy wins seesaw battle over Arkansas State 30-27 (AP) Yahoo Troy wins seesaw battle over Arkansas State 30-27 (AP) Headlines: Troy wins seesaw battle over Arkansas State 30-27: In a game between two of.. Wall Street declines amid mixed economic data: Wall Street made seesaw movement and capped lower Friday, as wor.. Lincoln Ctr. NY Miniature Ensemble. Works 100 notes or less. Music clarified by brevity? A atonal seesaw is so informative! I won the bet, but the misinformation persists. How long will the wikipedia seesaw entry continue to mislead the world? There can only be 2 people on a seesaw betch! this is crazy..... why cant I be normal.... ... I am up and down like a seesaw.... I wish I could just jump w/o regard to gravity and fly No, twitter is NOT $1B in valuation. Retro comm. will come back in style and people will seesaw back & btw old & new. its like a seesaw when it comes to your love ... when your up im down in Riverside, CA SeeSaw Designs: tiffany coolness. - via - SeeSaw Designs: tiffany FFFFOUND: SeeSaw Designs: tiffany - via - SeeSaw Designs: tiffany malamang... happens to me all the time kaya yung followers ko parang seesaw SeeSaw, maybe - Screen Research
The Progressive Electorate: Bush/GOP already lost it when Iraq > Afghan War, No more Unvise from Idiots who .. Lets get them to put Health Care to a plebiscite. That way power flows back to the electorate. ask everyone what 1 commitment they will make to engage the electorate and how we can follow their progress? I gave up on the Irish electorate yrs ago, we have too low a standard for our politicians. Too many ppl like the "aul rogue". Fianna Fail doing better in polls? Have people memories? I give up on the Irish electorate. 29% of the German electorate say the internet is their most source on information about politics. Lord Peter Mandelson. One word. Unelected. A man in our government, so powerful, yet has not been chosen by electorate since 2001. dangerous gamble, don't underestimate the stupidity of the electorate... Mystery phrase is RETURNING OFFI-ER. Clue: the official in each electorate who holds the election and returns the results. Mystery phrase is RETURNING -FFI-ER. Clue: the official in each electorate who holds the election and returns the results. Mystery phrase is -ETURNING -FFI-ER. Clue: the official in each electorate who holds the election and returns the results. Mystery phrase is -ETURNI-G -FFI-ER. Clue: the official in each electorate who holds the election and returns the results. Mystery phrase is -ETURNI-G -FFI---. Clue: the official in each electorate who holds the election and returns the results. Mystery phrase is -E--RNI-G -FF----. Clue: the official in each electorate who holds the election and returns the results. Mystery phrase is ----RNI-G -------. Clue: the official in each electorate who holds the election and returns the results. Its now less than 248 days until the corrupt and incompetent Labour government is thrown out by the electorate ! I'm counting every day.. Roughly 33% of my electorate have voted as at 13:00 today. About par for the course, I think; perhaps a little low. Labour leadership 'has lost will to live', says Alistair Darling - so has most of the electorate!! 57% of the British electorate think David Cameron would make the "Best Sunday morning TV weatherman". Dicks. No doubt the guy knows the electorate, its issues and could well mentor Fletch as a green horn. I hope so. gr8 to see my local state MP use socmedia to engage with electorate which is spread fr Sutherland to burbs of Wollongong oh wait....karma already got Sue Ann. The St. Paul electorate didn't buy her crap. Small mercies. There is however, the matter of good taste & public decency. And that rests as much with the Regina electorate as with Fiacco himself. Now watching Joe Hockey trying to blow smoke up the arse of the entire Australian electorate. Why don't you take some "Ecstasy"? I understand that will wake you AND improve your profile with the young electorate. Why don't you take some Ecstasy? I understand that will wake you AND improve your profile with the young electorate. Fucking American political discourse: dominated by outraged hillbillies, angry fat people, and a thoroughly retarded electorate. DemsLying?Thisdoozydeserves all the attn. it can get.shows the ignorance&contempt of the electorate liberals depend on. The Progressive Electorate: Did Michele Bachmann's rhetoric play a role in the death of Census worker?: If you .. However, the electorate could and should change its expectations of how a president speaks or dresses. The apathetic German electorate should take note that in 2000 Bush was elected with a mere 37% of eligible US voters The Dems NEED more non-citizens, to de-Americanize the electorate, and kill our national identity. Text book stuff. Agree! has a better read on Canadian electorate than ANY of our political An electorate of the apathetic and ignorant, deserve the government they get. Rick Mercer (@rickmercer) has a better read on the Canadian electorate than ANY of our political Far-left leeches saw it, played it up, capitalized on it, and manipulated a lead-me, feed-me electorate into their victory. I think the electorate would find it very useful. Will you be encouraging Gordon Brown to say yes? Why the Irish vote really matters. On October 2nd the Irish electorate will be pressed into voting again on a treat as was saying earlier, this is not an electorate it is a volatile one I've been canvassing and I would say volatile electorate. Polls mean little & shifts will be rapid either way from now on 'The findings of this survey suggest an electorate' ... ya think?! (IT editorial on good poll for FF) On October 2nd the Irish electorate will be pressed into voting again on a treaty that they rejected as long ag.. Tories think winning the media is winning the electorate. To your credit you never made that error. Expecting 4th term. Dont underestimate British electorate.Even with slavish, hoodwinked media gonna be hard for Tories to win with cruel, shallow George Osborne The Progressive Electorate: G20 Protests = Tear Gas, Sound guns, Rubber Bullets. = Promotion. Class .. in my field same prob. Few black women political yet electorate is 54.25% women 40% AA & Latino. Rick Mercer (@rickmercer) has a better read on the Canadian electorate than ANY of our political
Only on vintage beehive gifts knitting booklet. so cute. Homecoming-check! R&R at the Beehive for some brew and chew-12ish. The person behind me is talking about horse chiropractor technique. Mmk. As the security guys swap their best beehive stories. Wholesome. [9-27-09] The Beehive @ 8pm: World Salsa Sundays is taking her beehive for a pint of the black stuff Dale Carnegie: If you want to gather honey, don't kick over the beehive. I found the awesome coffee-lavender cheese in SF....they sell it in NC too! It's called Barely Buzzed by Beehive Cheese. YUM Great to see some of our customers at the show ... Garage Books, Cover to Cover, and BeeHive. Learning about Oracle Beehive this morning. Commerce road, memories!! I takes it The Beehive pub is still standing to? Used to love a game of pool in there.... Off to watch the lads... Come on Beehive Voice Of The Beehive - Just Like You I am scared of too. Let's run Stagecoach is waiting outside Terrace isn't it, beside the beehive burner? Jorgensen vs Chuck Norris in "Bang Bang Clowns in a Beehive" *kayslay* damn! So I should just maintain beehive and regular txts? It's worse than that; I'm growing distrustful of my fellow citizens// it's like a wasp has infected the beehive Moving on to the beehive in the south end. Live reggae! I love the city... We were busy bees at the Beehive today. We almost ran out of baked goodies. If you run out of brownies on a saturday I think its a sin. sold and relisted the knitting pattern for my chunky beehive beret "colossal Techno-beehive" congrats American Idiot and Green Day. Your Broadway is calling! The Innovation Beehive: Twiiter, Crowdsourcing and Recruitment bought a bottle of fresh wild honey at Samal Island yesterday. The beehive was placed in a large bucket with some friendly bees inside. I can hear someone playing beehive bedlam lolol At the beehive with Larissa getting my study on First time. LOVE. (@ The Beehive in Boston) As it turns out, one man once sued another for accusing him of stealing a beehive. Learned a valuable lesson today: Don't mow over a subterranean beehive! They don't like that and you'll get stung. Ouch! HAHA! Remind me not to let my kids play in YOUR backyard Getting a beehive. Wasn't bad if you hadn't ate a WHOLE beehive ain't that a beehive, you miraculously recovered All you missed was me destroying a beehive with mah sword IRL. Wow! Who knew destroying a beehive would be so EASY!!! Nm, just trying to come up with a plan to destroy that ol' beehive... Tonite I'm going to sleep on my front yard...then at dawn I'm destroying the beehive, then gonna sneak in my house and sleep some more. Anyone wanna go to the beehive tonight? I am now declaring war on that beehive near my house! They're going down! is going out to dinner with her hubby and then to the beehive with her brother draven. :) After a long filled weekend, I'm off to my favorite place to unwind...the Beehive Tavern in Augusta, Ky! My house is a regular beehive of activity tonight. There's baking and hair-braiding going on in the kitchen, singing and music in the foyer. Lovely evening at The Beehive in Horringer, superb food as normal! MOTD now, plenty of goals! found a beehive the size of your head under a bush today. Ran down the street when I found it and would love to know how to get rid of it. Dale Carnegie: If you want to gather honey, don't kick over the beehive. darling you know I would never touch a Greggs slurry pasty. I'm jealous you are at Joiners with luscious Lil - but no beehive?! - this is what i have to do to my hair to get it big enough to make a beehive. cool. apron and a beehive,I'll make someone a fantastic ex wife one day!
My parents came from villages. Studied hard to go to France. Now running their town. Like Clef, from hut, to project to mansion Why not the viola? Something against the alto clef?? We just sold our Treble Clef Light weight Aluminum Shawl Pin to someone in Luxembourg. Yay internet for spreading... goes to cloth and clef. There's bbq here and I'm in no condition to eat. my gawddd! I'm a stuffed turkey I tell you! Greatest (really worst) classic CD covers [Clef Notes]. One of my treasured Twitterites me to this blog pag Yo Clef my man, keep on keep on LOVE THE NEW PICTURE WITH THE RED JACKET CLEF - LOOKING MIGHTY SHARP AS USUAL!!! I got a treble clef J and a to spell out Jo. Under it is Johoneys signature in memory of her. :] I also got one that says haha nice. i want 2 get a music tattoo i drew up a treble clef but i want 2 get more added. i want it to have a... I jus got one tonight, its a banner wit music notes and G clef on it and its on my leg... Vandal will be hosting Cypher Sundaze @ Cloth & Clef Tonight - Spet 27th 2009 from 7PM-12AM - Live Hip Hop! Clef, when next u comin to Antigua? i ment tats... thats y we have thee clef and tattoos like duhhh my bad its past my bed time im buggin Its a banner with a g clef note and regular music notes on it...I love it, I just want it to stop bleeding then twit pic it Updated Wedding Idea Store, Crystal Treble Clef Placecard Holder yo clef wasup!!! Music notes next, a symbol of my love & dedication to my belove piano & violin, an ear for jazz & a classical 8th note & treble clef Hey Clef! Ya gotta send us twit pic of the award! Hope you're having a ball! STAY FOCUSSED! ONE LOVE WHAT'S UP CLEF? HOW YOU BEEN? But yeah! Clef did say to block people we feel are weirdos on the internet, not sure he was talking about fellow though hahahahaha!! i don't know Daniel, the team was pretty disappointed. Even though we didn't make a proper bass clef, haha! XD congrat clef. Congrats Clef U R The best and U work so hard .. it all pays off d00d . Chicago Represent Obama !! Olympics baby!! yo Clef, where the chat room at ? Interrobang/clef. Opinions? now that i'm reading treble clef it is quite easy...lol way easier than i thought it would be So my mind reversed the bass & treble clef symbols on the projector. Working my scales between reels. Found an interrobang that looks like a treble clef when turned upside-down. aww thx so u with the penny marlon with the pinup taos with the pg bomb with the young gladys clef juanita me PHYLICIA! lol Bring it on. Build your crappy temple. Can you get 'er past the inspection guys with way too much "clef?" Just try and get 'er done, stinky IM THINKING of coming with my folks out there to Bermuda. Erykah Badu Clef and Laurasong. Ive never been to caribbean ever. 'Follow wyclef' Clef u should definately have me as an assistanr intern. Toronto>For Sale>Jewelry>10K GOLD TREBEL CLEF CHARM PENDANT $40- Clef, is implying that is just the bread. D man say Machel put the meat Supp Clef in the House.. represent in Chicago!!! You look hot in that pic Clef! WoW! Clef what about that assistant intern David, leave meh dupes Clef alone even if the sky is falling down (clef hangers version oooobviously) wondered if anyone would care if Pras had never been in the fugees... Lesbihonest it was Lauryn's talent and clef's prod. check the piano jam during Western Union Photo Shoot (Clef - Tight Work! ) LOVE THE NEW PICTURE WITH THE RED JACKET CLEF - LOOKING MIGHTY SHARP AS USUAL!!! By SAVE $10 - Sterling Silver 1/10 cttw Diamond Treble Clef Charm $49.99 # ... By SAVE $10 - Sterling Silver 1/10 cttw Diamond Treble Clef Charm $49.99 SAVE $10 - Sterling Silver 1/10 cttw Diamond Treble Clef Charm $49.99 There is also a new book from Nelly Arcand who is going to be publish soon: "Paradis clef en main". praswell never stood a chance without Clef n L Boogie!
"Plunge boldly into the thick of life, and seize it where you will, it is always interesting." Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe "Plunge boldly into the thick of life, and seize it where you will, it is always interesting." Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe ...OUT NEW LIFE AND NEW CIVILIZATIONS; TO BOLDLY GO WHERE NO MAN HAS GONE BEFORE. Country Side mission, to boldly go where no has gone before!: Iowa 21, Penn State 10 Go Hawkeyes! 1985 alumni-boldly predicting a ranking Jesus, thank You for redeeming me and giving me Your righteousness. In faith, I will boldly proclaim Your name. Amen. I'm melting....I'm melting...I use a 9000...Boldly going where no messaging device has gone before - brain meltdown! To put it boldly, it is the attempt at a posterior reconstruction of existence by the process o..-A.Einstein Is it OK to split an infinitive? To boldly go, as in Star Trek? Good discussion at Legalwriting.net (& see comments) How do you go boldly everyday? Hebrews 13:6So we may boldly say: "The Lord is my helper; I will not fear.What can man do to me?"NKJ isn't wild how Jesus is crazy in love with us and even while we were sinners, He died for us. We can come boldly to Him as sons! Arrived in sunny Brighton. Gordon Brown on platform. Ed Miliband speaking boldly reminding us that Tories would mean *ryanair* public svs As I rush to church I wonder..... What kind of loveeee make ppl tatoo der lovers face or namee boldly on der body???? to boldly go where no man has gone before. Praying for pastors to boldly preach today - don't worry about offending anyone but God! Check out Wallace Boston's review of Boldly Sustainable: Hope & for Higher Education in Age of Climate Change Jesus, thank You for redeeming me and giving me Your righteousness. In faith, I will boldly proclaim You. Amen. To explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life forms and new civilizations, to boldly go where no one has gone before. Boldness is more than the measure of our faith! Let us therefore come boldly... Heb 4:16 I prophesied boldly he will live & proclaim works of the Lord crowd was stunned&blessed by His Word/Gospel is trained to be A stranger in this world, just because he is stranger in America. I boldly say 'I am just passing through this world'. Praying God speaks boldly today at SC3... continuing the drama of redemption! Isn't the motto of the liberation front "to boldly split where no splitters have split before"?;-) Jesus, thank You for redeeming me and giving me Your righteousness. In faith, I will boldly proclaim Your name. Amen. Typhoon Ondoy just devastated the country, but where are the politicians/candidates who boldly proclaim they will serve the people? Jesus, thank You for redeeming me and giving me Your righteousness. In faith, I will boldly proclaim Your name. Amen. Jesus, thank You for redeeming me and giving me Your righteousness. In faith, I will boldly proclaim Your name. Amen. 'Man is never so manly as when he feels deeply, acts boldly, and expresses himself with frankness and with fervor. ...' Disraeli Praying that my pastor friends boldly proclaim the truth of God's Word today! I will boldly go where not many have gone before. Stevu Jobsu se bo kolcalo. Na Maca gre Ubuntu! Pa da vidimo! Pastors because Christ sits victoriously, we can stand and proclaim Him boldly. pass on reguards from bonny Scotland to that wonderful man.As you say a voice I grew up with enriching my childhood 'boldly going' :-) So let us come boldly to throne of our gracious God. There we will receive His mercy when we need it most. Rom. 4:16 - boldly going where no bromance has gone ta!! I am married to a brave, courageous, beautiful, boldly gentle wife! is that much isolation it i mean do you feel as though your boldly goin where no man has gone before? my phone camera is broken... so no pic. Btw the sign is typed except the word "seriously..." which is boldly written in marker And so it is written... Your victory is My victory, Your beauty is My reflection, Your progress increases My light. Connect boldly. *Sees her getting upset and boldly pushes weak Sephiroth back down on the sofa* Silk? Soup! is boldly going where no man has gone before. It is time to STOP trying to fit into the world as we know it. . that means don't apologize for your faith. . .live it boldly! Ungodly do! Disturb us, Lord, to dare more boldly on wider seas; where storms reveal your mastery; where losing sight of land, we shall find the stars. To take a glimpse at you in person is sufficient to boldly face any catastrophe, be it even 2012!!!!
Personal Website in China: How Far Can It Go?: China, quite an unique country that owes dual standards on the i.. Blowers has a ... unique ... way with words. god..which band member risks his life to spray on a wall in Chinatown?haha ARE so unique.. Have some friends, reiki masters, folks. Many into drumming as well. Eac. excellent and unique as you are. Love connection U know what I love? Talking about racin & hav'n guys freak out when I know more about racecars than they ever will. Meme= unique! Oh yes Dumas was wild, but unique. I just love it that he would write a column and then use an alias and argue back. Delight the "You" in your life. Check out the many unique gifts at Looking for a unique greeting card? Check out my shop at Use Our Unique "Power of 1" Strategy to Generate $47,508.00 by Just Making 1 Easy $10.75 Sale Per Month!! means being myself, standing up for myself, being unique, being strong, and being a good person. made ... MOO cards, $19.99 for 100 unique mini-calling cards. Play Guitar Scales Over The Whole Fretboard In A Fluid, Musical And Unique Way Unique wedding signs customized with the names of the bride and groom and wedding date I do not compete with anyone, for anything, because I know that my own unique place has already been made for me in this universe. As traditional legal jobs dry up, time to mold unique careers. Social media can help. Sending save-the-dates? Check out these unique ideas Selling Established Option Trading Blog -- 100% Unique Content -- Earn 50% On These Fun And Unique Printable Baby Shower Games! Just listed this unique home in New Lenox sayang ya qt blum berkolaborasi bwt clip!hahaha..sumday we will! Ok2? Oya,ur 'bedroom' very unique!hahaha.. I am Japanese living in India. That's why my English is unique :p . My main OS is Ubuntu. Yes, Ive been following that one. Another unique system, especially with the possibilities that Wii gives Try a unique candle business Took a look at Brizzly. Not yet ready for prime time. A few unique features that create a cluttered Web page look. Needs mo' work fo' sho. I do not compete with anyone, for anything, because I know that my own unique place has already been made for me in this universe. <3 my ... "Breakthrough In Online Ads! Expose Your Website Free To Potentially 10.000's Of New & Unique Visitors!" Click The Unique Origins of 25 Popular Products | Business Pundit Need only 1 more unique gift for my ribbon in FV. Please think unique today. Thank you in advance for the wonderful gifts. is The Only Robot that has a Unique Built-in Mechanism That Allows It to be UNDETECTED by Forex Brokers Your computer needs a GPS or unique IP to locate to. IPv6 FtW! Wish my laptop would automatically adjust the clock display.... Love is a unique and fascinating project that we must learn to keep alive through concrete acts. Mabel Iam love Hot Guide!! Unique World Of Warcraft Product - Daily Quest, Event Quest, Reputat Hot Market! Vegetarian Fat Loss Meal Plans Paying Out 75% Commission. Unique Pro Targeted Unique Website Visitors - Webmaster Forum: -Movies -Music -TV -Family -Babies -Kids -Pets -Teens FINAN.. "In his own unique way, Jesus Christ, the Great Shepherd, in His life pointed out that the last would be first and the first last." I'm addicted to OneRepublic I love them they such an unique and perfect band. Unique and original poetry from an every day married father of two kids working in IT, see what my poetry is all about - Oddball Matt ... IN 3D FORM!!!:THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING JOANNA LAUREN ON YOUTUBE - A UNIQUE RARE YOUNG TALENT! Joannalaurensings channel $0 to $15,000 per Month FAST - Even If You're Broke... Very Unique... Love is a unique and fascinating project that we must learn to keep alive through concrete acts. Mabel Iam LIGHTS you are a star,unique potential,luminosity is your identity,CAMERA you have the capacity to observe your life,ACTION -manifest TRUESTORY! PRETTY BOI SWAGG! IMAGINE BEING UNIQUE AND STILL FITTING IN! KNOWLEDGE IS POWER, IGNORANCE IS A WEAKNESS ... coz they r magnificient and unique.like me and my choice.:) Unique milestone for Trojans - USC - [USC.FREEDOMBLOGGING] Post kids' stickiness has a truly unique quality.
It's hotcake house time! Miss my Ohio bacon and eggs with hotcake and maple syrup :) drool. At the hotcake house. Going to have breakfast at 2 am like every other drunk person here. Tonight was interesting, I guess. I reserve my decision until I see some of those hotcake abs. Or some ass. I'm easy like that. Thanks auntie diva..I bet your 'bun in the oven' will be a 'hotcake' *hungry mode ON* nih heheh Haidar is sooo cute!!! ... Mawnin tweeps, have a hotcake n hashbrown craving so imma get me some yuuuup =D buttermilk is magic. reacts with the baking powder and makes them really puffed up and light and fluffy. hotcake style :) you're a hotcake. Okay hotcake Getting ready to head to for a legal aid meeting, taking vonnie too so we can do hotcake house after! Am sitting in McDonald's, enjoying a hotcake brek, and listening to a group of old men talk about peeping toms. ... I tried. yes megumi they were totally gay...they were making out behind us at the hotcake house Now off to the 24hr hotcake house. Man I have not been here in almost 2 years! (Were Gonna Go DUE 2DAY WHATS GOOD PEOPLE GET AT ME..ROOMS SELLING LIKE HOTCAKE ... I m craving .. for My hotcake with sausage. terribly :( Hotcake House hash browns & frosty chocolate milkshake, Honey Bunches of Oats w/Almonds. just draw me a hotcake with the M word butter, so cute ! I do not feel good. At the hotcake house...I might throw up yeah I your like a hotcake and u know how fast they sell u are marketing genius nuff said ...going into the hotcake business. I hear they sell well! What the heck are hotcakes? And why is the rate at which they sell upheld in our idioms? I want a hotcake, please. Apparently they're th ... Man... I can't sleep. I wish I had a shawty hotcake here that could fuck me 2 sleep. I need a good workout besides weights & runnin lol LOL men who went to boys schools prefer girls wit more masculine features ~ ahh Caster Semenya wld b hotcake in KC o! men who went to boys schools prefer girls wit more masculine features ~ ahh Caster Semenya wld b hotcake in KC o! " u ever had a hotcake sale brian? they sell like die fighting in pahrump NV" ~ the hotcake on that jazzmaster sounded so good No problem, you hotcake with big s3cr3ts. Now follow me! I promise I love you more than Jordan :) having breakfast with hotcake hotcake house is never a bad idea. Hi guys I have a question. Ktnya d mcD breakfast udh available di jkt ya? Hotcakesnya ada gak? Have a sudden hotcake n whipped butter cravin I baked like 2 dozens of hotcake-flowers! (: of that present I told ya! ;) urrg, now im hungry!i want to eat mcdonalds hotcake!AHH.. Ready to watch movies with my Hotcake, come on 6 Hotcake house... Hotcake house... Hotcake house.
aww nice ur on Jazzy's world tour! lol I say Jilly's lmao we gotta go on a trip 2gether n yes sucks only email pics :( lol Tried 2 find music similar 2 SADE's funky latin sound w jazzy bluesy beat, but couldn't find any :( At work...damn :( ! Jazzy Jeff turned the spot out last night! that would be well cool! i'm sure you will! thats my second choice anyways :P would be right jazzy xD :) "DJ Jazzy Jeff and the fresh prince" was way ahead of there time..... Shit i am old.... :( LOL!! Awww Jazzy, y'all fighting again?? I'mma send you guys to a marriage counselor! :-( making viennese cake :D still have 2 practice and work some :( riding was good...i got to ride jazzy <3 tsk tsk cheating on Jazzy, are we? :P with jess and jazzy :P & Jazzy is knocked out so I can't talk her ear off..Kairi is knocked so I canr play wit her..& just abandoned me :-( Jazzy is here??? I want to see her I dont have my phone!! its at the house I forgot she called at like 4 or something! :( Poor Jazzy :( I hope she's ok :( paramedics and all...plus a code red drill... that's my leg I kicked jazzy and fell into the grill :( Hahah just realised I woke up this morning at half 5. Maybe this jazzy high I'm feeling is actually early onset sleep deprivation :P hahah Any one on I think Jazzy left :( Your kidding me lol... I sorry Jazzy :( - i miss my kitty cat jazzy : ( RIP :( so weird you sent me that cause I just watched that on the bus! but yeah I saw that on oprah I was crrrrying. my fave jazzy! Misses Jazzy :( yes this twitter revolves around my lil sis! Lol thinking of Fourplay :P not Foreplay. not too jazzy but love it almost 10 year ago The new Milky Way ad is jazzy! Vintage ads rule :P
Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> Football. Postgame Press Conference Available On Navy All-Access Okay, my Vols and Midshipmen won, Huskies lost. 2-1 this week. The redemption factor-WSU is getting DRILLED by USC. Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> M. Soccer. Powell's Penalty-Kick Goal Lifts Navy To Star Game Win Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> W. Tennis. Navy Continues Strong Play as Four Mids Advance to Singles Finals Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> M. Golf. Army Edges Navy in Annual Golf Dual Resurgent Dobbs Leads Way for Midshipmen: Washington Post By Camille Powell This was not an easy week for Ricky.. Resurgent Dobbs Leads Way for Midshipmen: Washington Post By Camille Powell This was not an easy week for Ricky.. Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> W. Volleyball. Volleyball Survives at Lafayette Check this video out- W Kentucky vs. Navy Recap- Great job Midshipmen!- CBS of Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> Football. Navy Tops Western Kentucky, 38-22 Yes midshipmen Navy Midshipmen 31 Western Kentucky Hilltoppers 14 - (early 4th qtr) - NAVY Ricky Dobbs TD 1yd run - Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> W. Cross Country. Mids Place Third at Colonial Inter-Regional Challenge Navy Midshipmen 10 Western Kentucky 0 - (early 2nd qtr) - NAVY Jon Teague FG 31yd - about to Miami @ Virginia Tech Hokies, Rutgers @ Maryland Terrapins, Western Kentucky @ Navy Midshipmen - - The Brigade of Midshipmen on the field before kickoff this afternoon - Navy vs. Western Kentucky, 3:30 pm Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> M. Cross Country. Navy Finishes Ninth at Roy Griak Invitational Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> W. Soccer. Mids Fall 1-0 in at Monmouth O man I forgot its saturday so that means a navy game the midshipmen will be out smh Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> Follow Navy Live on Saturday! Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> W. Tennis. Navy Women's Tennis Performs Well on Day One of Bill & Sandra Moore Invite ... Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> W. Volleyball. Lehigh Rallies For Volleyball Win Over Navy is doing the Hospice Cup on a J105 with USNA Midshipmen on Saturday 26 Sep '09. & helping with maintenance for the Lloyd Phoenix Regatta Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> M. Soccer. Navy Men's Soccer Opens Patriot League Play Saturday Night Hosting Arch-Rival Army ... Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> Football. A Salute To Navy-Marine Corps Memorial Stadium Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> M. Soccer. Navy Shuttle Information For Saturday's Men's Soccer Match With Army Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> W. Volleyball. Navy to Open League Volleyball Season Friday Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> W. Tennis. Navy Women's Tennis Hosts Bill & Sandra Moore Invitational This Weekend Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> Football. Throwback Jersey Auction Saturday Night At 7 p.m. Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> M. Golf. Navy Golf Eyes Star Match Title What is California's college team name? (a) Nittany Lions (b) Yellow Jackets (c) Midshipmen (d) Golden Bears Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> Football. Navy Football Game Day Information For Saturday's Game Against Western Kentucky ... Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> M. Cross Country. Navy Prepares for Roy Griak Invitational on Saturday Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> W. Cross Country. Mids Travel to Colonial Inter-Regional Challenge on Saturday Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> W. Soccer. Navy Stays on Road for Final Tune-Ups Before League Play Begins Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> Football. Navy Magazine Show Airs Tonight Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> Football. New Interviews Available on Navy All-Access Presented by Verizon Wireless Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> M. Basketball. Patriot League Basketball Games to Appear on CBS College Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> Sprint Football. Phillips Named CSFL Special Teams Player of the Week Forums: Best Midshipmen ever - Inquiring Ironhead wants to know Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> M. Soccer. Navy Men's Soccer Shut Out at La Salle, 4-0 Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> Football. Navy Football Luncheon Series Presented By Verizon Wireless Returns Tuesday, Sept. 29 ... Navy Football /Lacrosse Teams Adopt Panasonic AGHPX500 P2 HD .. Navy Midshipmen football and men's .. At the USNA there are more than 400 Midshipmen that are Eagle Scouts and are still active in your city as well as AA Co. Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> Offshore Sailing. Navy Offshore Sailing Team Finishes Second at Shields Trophy Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> Sailing. Navy IC Sailing Battles The Flu to Perform Well Last Weekend Navy Midshipmen (Official Site) >> Football. Ken Niumatalolo's Tuesday Press Briefing Is Now Available On Navy All-Access Navy Football Notes Midshipman toes comeback line Topix: Other Recent Navy Midshipmen NCAA Football Discussions... MIDSHIPMEN NOTEBOOK Defense Wants to With A Stop: By Camille Powell For as well as Navy's defense has .. MIDSHIPMEN NOTEBOOK Defense Wants to With A Stop: By Camille Powell For as well as Navy's defense has ..
I learned today that South Africa allows gay marriage, despite being neighbored by countries with strict laws forbidding homosexuality. Perhaps today was the wrong day to practise my forbidding glare. im such an and crafts nerd! i just spent an hour making a twilight painting with roses and "forbidding fruit" XD "Best run and hide before the devil forbidding, I'm living my life in this hell" ok, essa da musica fala de mim -q For son, last-minute co-op placement. I am at a loss as to where to Thinking of forbidding it. Ha. Wtf is wrong with twitter? Wouldn't let me block a BritneyFukdVIDZ thing and now its 'forbidding' me from protecting my updates *Glares at*.... it dont rly matter im forbidding myself to drink anyways! xD i am high maintenance of forbidding fckng laws. of forbidding fckng laws. Until I eat something "healthy" my Madre is forbidding me to make cookies... Ehhh screw it, I;ll just have ramen for brunch -_-" I hate that rule forbidding internet sources...>_> Found the best one online. You know I hate politics, because they have to put laws on the Internet forbidding me to see NASA vids here in Europe. You know I hate politics, because they have to put laws on the Internet forbidding me to see NASA vids here in Europe. I agree. I once shared a lift with Fran...even then she presented a forbidding presence...nothing has changed obviously. Envoy: U.S. Embassies Are Too Forbidding: R u forbidding me to tease u?bah ahahah. Like that will happen. Brian Barnard says laws against polygamy gay marriage should change like laws forbidding marriages to different races or people with STDs. Until they sign a law forbidding assholery, I say, like everybody else, you take full advantage of its non-existence. HEALTHY PLATE: Young to Teach Healthy Eating: ABC News First, be careful about forbidding foods. .. Product label wording: "THE ANTICORPOPHAGIC CONDIMENT FOR DOG RATIONS" ...mixed with daily ration a forbidding taste to excrement. Too cool: 99% pure water found, and dissipated, on Mars: "...might sustain life beneath Mars' forbidding surface." Envoy: U.S. Embassies Are Too Forbidding: if i ever have children i am forbidding them from ever listening to techno music Envoy: U.S. Embassies Are Too Forbidding: Envoy: US Embassies Are Too Forbidding: The outgoing U.S. ambassador to Poland criticized the f.. is appalled that the Administration is forbidding free speech of insurance companies! Who is next, anyone who disagrees with them? Envoy: U.S. Embassies Are Too Forbidding: The outgoing U.S. ambassador to Poland criticized the Thank you gothica for sitting under the water fountain and forbidding me from quenching my parch. youtube is forbidding you to watch the :o thats horrible :( .. Not into religious rules, but I'm just checking the Old Testament again in case I missed the commandment forbidding Comic Sans. Oh Please... Forbidding any mention of story? That's my problem. They took it out of headlines all together. By forbidding and outlawing NORMAL HUMAN CONTACT we have created countless forms of ABNORMAL. Speaking of dogs: DeDe's Grandma always talked about the Bible forbidding the selling of a dog. Have you heard this? References? Stories? Looking for a tattoo No. (Judiasm forbidding tattoos is an urban legend. And I'm not Jewish anyway.) Jesus is not forbidding judgment, but rather He is warning to be careful with our judgment because we will be judged accordingly. Okay...I'm forbidding myself from watchin TV...well, until Glee is on in 10 mins LOL! There are unconfirmed that Sheikh Yusuf al-Qaradawi has issued a fatwa forbidding Iraqi and Afghan refug.. The end of freedom: congress silences free speech by forbidding any contact with clients by insurance companies about healthcare When writing the second commandment forbidding other images the Father was jealous for the glory of Jesus who is His image & exact imprint. that's a Chavez play.. forbidding Ins. Co. from communicating to customers regarding impacts of HC debacle bill. that's a Chavez play.. forbidding Ins. Co. from communicating to customers regarding impacts of HC debacle bill. I think they should pass a law forbidding sirens and honk sound FX in radio ads. They get me checking my mirrors every time Showed up in once and a judge had faxed current judge order forbidding lead counsel and me from speaking in You know despite Ozzy's self-proclaimed "Prince of Darkness" title, 'The Sabs' weren't ACTUALLY all that heavy and forbidding were they. is forbidding himself from watchin jeremy kyle as theres a chance sum1 from my street will be on it In the face of hostile natives and a forbidding escarpment the safari reaches the domain of Tar... Right, you, I'm officially forbidding you from getting ill. Now that's an order, ensign. You better be well tonight!
dont be upset at me! Luv yah my Shani conbread!! =) srsly beg because i REALLLLLY want you too :/ tell her im ~upset~ :D lol she has blocked me. anyways yeah just remember who got upset the other day :) x :-) I'm still upset tho loooool I cnt believe it :( out whatchin the skins.....lets hope doesnt get to upset at me today :) woke up ten minutes ago!:) at first upset, but now overjoyed. how quickly my fairy change my mood! Oh, morning coffee, chocolate from... :) I'm SO upset that I missed your San Antonio show! I guess I'll have to wait and see you once I get to college in Idaho =) I love romantic comedy as well... Now I'm no longer upset :) Can't say I'm that upset I'm missing Folsom today. Opting for Train, Colbie Callait & Howie Day instead. A much better option, thinks me :) aww keisha im so upset about the sugababes thing but i kno u will make it big as a solo cos ur very talented :) I Had A Blast At My Was So Much Fun And No One Was Upset,Not Even Me :D :-) dont worry we are not all like to get upset about a little thing like that!!! spunk_ransom :-) dont worry we are not all like to get upset about a little thing like that!!! Gotta lovvee them Hawkeyes!!! They just upset Penn State!!! Wooohooo! :) why? Is it that getting upset about? If you'll be invisible by the end of the year, you presumably can't work? :) ya i am not upset..it alwayz happens :) feels upset but still i got to be happy. :) Yeah, you could say that :) He likes to argue with the others though, tells them I love him the most. Naturally Leo gets upset... your jean is upset about her hair because it looks creepy..but i hope to get it cut soon :D &same,tons of hw.. .@PatParslow Where's PC? When I get upset by "couply" couples in the church pew in front of me I never know if it's modesty or jealousy. :) Hwee Hwee went for grooming todae! And his fur was shaved away.. He looked Funny now!! He looks upset. Hope his fur will grow back asap. :) omg, not even joking how upset i am, a want too seee calvin :D i need to cheer myself up, youtube time. i always watch jonas when im upset.. anyone know any great youtube videos of them? :) much better thanks :) i was getting upset! x I've just looked at it now .. made me laugh so much but i was upset kanye ran off :( lol its awesome tho :D x x Just woke up, had a nice dream, but i think im upset. Its been a while since i last was o.0 i love this epi =) . I'm so upset we had to leave right after the game! I'm sure you did a bomb ass job though!! =) Upset with Yday night match...Still its a game..Thanks to our guyz as they saved me from bunking office work in coming dayz !!!! :) hi there stranger! HOk.. im curious why he upset you? story please, heeeeee :) i guess i really had no reason to be upset :) To all the peeps who tweeted me earlier when I was upset, thanks. It was a rough night, and y'all helped me get through the worst of it. =) Must tell between real hunger and a craving. I have that prob also last time always get tummy upset. Now I assess :) waduuh, gitu ya re? Gawat dong.. Still a little bit upset, but better now, coz people like you n dhara, thanks :) not a big football fan...but I have to root for the Carolina Panthers, otherwise my brother and dad get upset :) Thaks for that pic, bad enough the Singaporean weather has my stomach upset... then that :) Damn. I am so dying for an upset. No pressure though, just saying. :D surrogates pretty good...kind of upset they don't show you what happens after the fact! booo..definitely makes you think :) Well lobos... I would be super upset if I wasn't in Hollywood right now... But I am :) yes it is, i loved that show too i'm so upset it's over but it's awesome they are working on another project. =) So my book is coming along nicely thanks to all the ridiculous drama from ppl. I don't let it upset me I let it inspire me instead. :) pi has curled up in my lap :) she must know how upset i am :( is thay suppose to qet me mad ? stupid stuff doesnt upset me =) i laugh ;) don't worry I get where your coming from I wouldve been upset too; but never blame justin he's really appreciates his fans :) congratulations to those lovely hawkeyes for the big upset in college station. :-) I enjoy a good upset when my team is doing the upsetting :) Lol I'm not even remotely upset. I'm more amused, actually. I appreciate you trying to help. It did cheer me up a bit. :) how long u guys in philly for?? I did not know you were in town and now I'm kinda upset and wna come see u guys! I Dig the music :) ! :D and and, you're on the phone with your girlfriend, she's upset..... you belong with me~
Is prison food at least better than airline food? Hmm... somehow I think it's not. Unless they have burgers! :P Flood in Marikina is subsiding somehow. Thank God. But where are you friends? :( Hahah. Soon, soon. How bout youuu? :P Hahaha I wanna go back to school it motivates me to study somehow. can you somehow relate to dinosaurs?? :P I keep getting crooks in my necks! :( somehow I keep sleeping wrong, any suggestions in how to get rid of this??? ouch! did you have the apple tracking thing on it to get it recoverd!?! hope you get it back somehow :( Thanks, hun *hugs back* So hate being sick :P Hopefully, it'll end soon. Somehow :P How are you? WTF!!??? That's the dumbest shit I've ever heard of :( as if somehow being gay=bad life guide that's sucks I'm sorry feff :( Makes things freakn difficult doesn't it? Hahaha, but it'll work out somehow :P At least I hope so :/ Somehow I sprained my wrist. :( Nappy time? Maybe I will just watch T.V. ... At Lulu's :D Great evening. A little drunken? :P :D :D Thinking of somehow. <3 so, thursday night i somehow managed to lose both my id AND my cell phone. :( lol how's that for a doozy? :D I LOVE YOU!!! work was an epic fail today. one of my managers clued in that i dont like him, it was crazy busy and somehow i liked chris more today? :( Where are you by the way? Somehow I got a feeling that you are not based in Thailand :P Ooo a Dsney sleepover. Could I come? (A) I'll bring you naked Thomas... Somehow! :P xxxxx got home! but... somehow, I'm having this kind of premonition. ohnooo what's gonna happen to me????? :( ..wait, he was listed for THIS episode? Am I reeeaaaaaally blind and somehow missed him, or did he get re-cast or something? Please, no :( Somehow bmx is no fun today. Are 5 years enough maybe? :( What does it mean when your cookie has no inside? :( I feel wronged somehow... Tell me my what the HELL? Apparently iTunes somehow deleted ALL the play counts for my entire library sometime in the last month.. FML! :( oh, I never got your email :( Hm, that's sad. There's no way to manually do a db somehow? GP somehow didnt cheer me up today :\ and really ? and LOL she does ? of who ? us 3 and your mom ? :P Why am I somehow not surprised? :P Also, does anyone know how to make Twitterrific show people's avatars again? I think I broke mine somehow :( I love y'all, but...seriously? That was one unsubstantiated rumor about ONE person that somehow got blown into this "phenomenon." Boo. :( somehow survived both Physics and Chemistry with Joana. I think that's a major achievement, dont you :P I guess they have to pay the bills somehow. :P Bummer! So what are you working doing up so late? working? Bed because I'm angry I somehow managed to gain in the last two days. Really?! Yes really. :( Somehow I always make it through the day. :( I dont know how. How can life be this tough? SUX 2 b u :( There're probably some on ebay though. Or you could worm your way into B's somehow, maybe an epic poem? is there anyway i could somehow meet maroon5 in person for pictures/autographs? i would do anything for it :( haha I thought you really timed it.. Lidge makes me mad! He was one strike away from a win and somehow managed to lose it..wth? :( somehow my tongue does a twisted dance and whatever comes out of my mouth is sh***y :( what's wrong?! hmm somehow plagiarism not exactly surprising there :P 'if u want something w/all of ur when? when?? DR Mr President? lol Doesn't have quite the same ring to it somehow!! :P if youre a dork den what am i? shoot. & somehow youtube won't let me subscribe to you. :( Seriously? :( but ah don't feel that way! GOTTAA KEEP YOUR HEAD HELD HIGHH. ;D Miley will somehow notice us sooner or later :) haha could you think of it without macy?! lol this would be somehow wayyyy to silent for me xD btw, who's macy? :P What's with the sudden upswing in questionable followers? I think I set the bots off somehow... *undo* *undo* ... :( Waaah.. i lost my fave sweater today while walking down the street... it fell out of my bag somehow?? :( somehow I feel like drinking tea, but I do not want to make tea, mum can you do me a tea? haha not intended that I should give her a tee :P hmm, are the two somehow connected? :P how did you "somehow" got invited to smth as awesome as that? how r u and ur nail doin? :P xxx Sooo I thought my iPhone was back to normal, but it just turned itself off again :( could my universal charging dock be the problem somehow? ya KK still more sweet and somehow nicer to my taste haha.. :P you didnt get? Are we there yet? :( over-slept and made it here on-time SOMEHOW... but forgot my BB :( I feel like I am missing an arm. I was listening to your Snakepit today ( Ain't life Grand? ) Somehow I miss playing the guitar :( ... needs a new pen for my tablet. I somehow lost the the little piece of plastic to right click?! Can't do all this post with a mouse :( U just got past ur legal drinking age! WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?! Im talking 8 years from now when I have to pay for my life somehow! :P
For our kids, therell be nothing left with 3 more years of generational theft.. mmm mmm mmm For our kids, there'll be nothing left & he's got 3 more years for generational theft.. mmm mmm mmm Oh! n you guys rmb 2brush ur teeth. It's generational and truly beneficial ^^ (hehe!!) Almost never read the instructions for anything I plug in (though I hold that this is generational: I was raised in the 80's). What is your generational diversity awareness at work, play, and at home? What is your generational diversity awareness at work, play, and at home? Yeah, but I think it's slang. I feel old because I can't keep up with generational slang. I agree w/ the generational angle as far as how to confront Patterson. Life lessons from video games. Learn to level up - [ 3 generational metaphors] lol it must be generational. Have you ever seen the original? I was so disappointed in this on e by comparison To a Dem politician, a permanent/generational underclass is like money in the bank. The real purpose of leftist giveaways like Section 8, welfare, & foodstamps was 2 create a permanent/generational underclass. I agree w/ the generational angle as far as how to confront Patterson. Life lessons from video games. Learn to level up - [ 3 generational metaphors] Looking 4 schools/teachers/classrooms with a multi-generational focus. Please DM if you'd like a free project to use in your program. In a moment I will the last session in Belgium. What a wndrful experience. Generational curses broken "Word of God is alive accomplish - Wow - now you're a tool in a generational debate in the Times of London SE Cupp Sees Generational Gap In (via - Really? That's awesome. I was worried when I didn't see the WRX in the generational pic. I'll rent a 430 for the next run. It's nice to see multi generational pink put in force tonight. Lol wow! Talk about generational gap! generational divide on the Lime Green Seahawks jerseys? My 16 year old brother loves it, older folks tend to hate it, and I'm 34 and unsure :-( that sucks! You should take a generational leap and move directly to LEDs! We must solve the generational gridlock in the Middle East - Queen Rania Just finished the three generational triple date! lolz can't wait til we go to the farm in octoberrr :)) lawr ynys y barri yn 2eze, pawb yn dawnsio i 2 unlimited. generational thing maybe?! lol just updated website with 3 recent newsletters. "Employee theft is Increasing" Also Generational Crowding, Angry Gen Ys Interesting point the panel are making of the need for generational change in politics We must solve the generational gridlock in the Middle East - Queen ... - Jordan Times: Her Majesty Queen Rania .. Some activity ideas to help you close the generational gap: UhOh we've ventured into the N-word debate. Obvious generational divide Way To Far In: Religious Mind Control Or Generational Sin Escaped the generational battle on online relationships You are 1 person, you can't live in a Chinatown SRO! 1 multi-generational family per SRO! Ahh those memories come flooding back, It is a generational thing everyone has got to learn in their own way We ended up talking about how reality shows suck i guess theres at least one generational bridge No offense to Jeff Gibson, presenting on generational shift - but I am in danger of falling asleep in afternoon session. mobile devices typically use mark & sweep because of the memory and logic required for generational collectors. .NETFX is also a compacting GC. Generational GC improves performance on each GC call because of the generations. .NETFX uses a generational GC, older objects get moved,the GC looks at older objects less often, newer objects in gen0 more often & RX-7's & a bunch of RX-3's... Multi-generational Mazda's FTW! That's cuz they've a "me" generational ethos and it makes them suck Generational gap awareness - just asked if that guy on espn was Brian Griese's dad. says he has seen a "generational shift" toward openess among state lawmakers. Absolutely. Hence, it's better to market to attitudes rather than generations. Attitudes are cross-generational. Miller: I see a generational shift in how elected officials are dealing with FOI issues.
Can you thank her for me? For overshadowing Megan Fox's (tepid) SNL hosting debut? :-P Seriously. Is striking while the iron isn't so much as hot, but relatively tepid. I'm sure they'll be pretty tepid--not MadWorld bad, but pretty bad. Same for Muramasa, philletourneau: THX Doubletree for the long tepid shower just what I needed. And what has 2 thumbs and forgot to charge his iPhone overnight SNL was pretty tepid, even U2 couldn't save it for me. Ash, Sunday morning, hot coffee, cool comics, tepid headlines. I adore a quiet Sunday morning with my love. Life is very good. Tepid Data Suggest a Sluggish This sad, drab thing. This world. This tepid turd. This shitty twitter life ... *sigh* Dangerously tepid right now Feel better. Try this: shot of whiskey shot of honey 2 teaspoons of lemon juice mixed in 1 cup tepid orange juice should help Aladin Soundtrack is largly tepid and uninteresting!!! Only Genie Rap is listenable!!! The tepid embarrassed chuckling applause Megan Fox got for mentioning GI Joe on SNL will be her best comic moment tonight. Or ever. Will Leno make the grade on the 9:00 o'clock slot? Seems pretty tepid so far. Landed at the Dunlap LZ after epic struggle to extend my flight. Insufficient bug and tepid glass-off made for little lift. Ah sunset! - At the CA Republican convention, the Whitman forces launch a tepid counterattack. Great beach day! Water is tepid ... almost like a bath. Kids found all means of small sea life and a fossilized shark tooth! Tepid? It's like a fucking wax bath in here. The longer you're in water, the more skin oils you lose. So limit baths and showers to five minutes or less and use tepid, not hot, water. Just landed...fly over a lot of water coming into Tampa, eh? Let me just say this, it's a little tepid in the back of this bad boy... Dry, Itchy skin; After bathing in tepid water, moisturize immediately to help trap water in the surface cells, then pat dry. Shanda Games gets tepid reception for this year's biggest IPO ...: Shanda Games IPO gets tepid receptionNEW.. Shanda Games gets tepid reception for this year's biggest IPO ... Shanda Games gets tepid reception for this year's biggest IPO ...: Shanda Games IPO gets tepid receptionNEW.. Baucus Reax: Tepid at Best Tepid? It's like a fucking wax bath in here. Some descriptions from others here...shit, bollocks, wanky, boring, tepid, mediocre... The blog asked for some descriptions from others here. And the results are...shit, bollocks, wanky, boring, tepid, mediocre... Tepid Economic Data Suggest a Sluggish Recovery - Wall Street Journal Shanda Games gets tepid reception for this year's biggest IPO; shares slide 14 percent. Bureau News. Septem.. Tepid? It's like a fucking wax bath in here. NEW: Tepid Data Suggest a Sluggish Upturn New home sales tick up, disappoint analysts: The Associated Press New home sales rose a tepid 0.7 percent last .. LOL I like the water tepid lol Yeah, he made the decision to go home, so he's happy. I bought smokes the other day :-( Tepid? It's like a fucking wax bath in here. New Post Stocks end week lower after tepid Tepid Economic Data Suggest a Sluggish Recovery - Wall Street Journal NEW: Tepid Data Suggest a Sluggish Upturn Tepid Economic Data Suggest a Sluggish Recovery - OK .... the hotdogs were microwaved. The beer was ice cold. The DVDs were tepid at best. Roughing it 2009 RV Style! Night all. Shanda Games IPO gets tepid reception ...... Shanda Games IPO gets tepid reception .... Shanda Games IPO gets tepid reception ...... Shanda Games IPO gets tepid reception .... Weekly on Fame : An "unnecessarily tepid, conservative remake of 1980's far more famous and affecting original" Tepid Economic Data Suggest a Sluggish Recovery - Wall Street Journal: Tepid Economic Data Sugg.. Tepid Growth Ahead and How You Can Stop Stimulus Waste | New ...
I don't recall Jesus commanding us to look to Rome to feed the widows and children, so why look to Washington? Hello. Roll down those widows it feels fabulous! How To Click With Widows & Widowers. How To Click With Widows & Widowers. Bleh.. Black Widows are Scary :\ i fucking hate how fucked up Widows Vista has become...and says that there is nothing wrong! i cant find anything but its ovb.! >:O In SW Tanzania. Monday we visit a group of widows we too see how an investment in their businesses is impacting the entire community Doing yard work today? Watch out for these - Brown Widows found in East County VIDEO - Brown Widows found in East County VIDEO - Football widows... need someone to snuggle & play with while "someone else" watches men in tight pants? Come to 11-3! We have now built over 15 roofs for widows in rural Rwanda! Changing lives and giving hope one home at a time. Praise God. Widows for Peace through Democracy helps widows Widows for Peace Through Society Widows for Peace through Democracy helps widows At the Pine Mntn. Spa for a day of relaxation with the widows at our Fall Getaway in TN. I need to create a movie slideshow, other than Widows Movie maker, any other good software to use? I want good quality. sufjan stevens-for the widows in paradise, for the fatherless in ypsilanti Society is obligated to take care of the poor, the widows, orphans, and aliens only in as much as society itself is comprised of individuals T^he cupboards are bare again. Trip to Tesco. Wonder how many more widows will be there? eBay: **New** THE WIDOWS OF EASTWICK by John Updike UNAB CD $37.0 Joel only has to find $305 per week to pay war widows. Cheaper than parliamentary super & free 1st class travel "For the Widows in Paradise, For the Fatherless in Ypsilanti" by Sufjan Stevens eBay: **New** THE WIDOWS OF EASTWICK by John Updike UNAB CD $37.0 For the widows in paridise - Sufjan Stevens, its an amazing song have a listen :) why do widows of soldiers killed in action NOT get full payout 4 the tour but wounded soldiers do get full tour paid out someone wrote all over my widows. lol... ... Get together with other job, and hobby widows at Reaching out to orphans & widows in their difficulties is something God can approve of. In fact James 1:27 states its selfless pure religion eBay: NEW BOOK The Widows of Eastwick Updike, John $18.0 eBay: **New** THE WIDOWS OF EASTWICK by John Updike UNAB CD $37.0 For the Widows In Paradise, for t... - why'd Young Widows drop? I just killed 2 Black Widows Spiders.... In my yard!!! Uffff Our thoughts are with Young Widows. We love that band. Google Calendar Widows Client (via eBay: **New** THE WIDOWS OF EASTWICK by John Updike UNAB CD $37.0 Yes...after that picture though! Black Widows do not live to see another day once discovered in our garage!! If men are dogs then women are black widows <== wtf are you talkin bout..are you high off a black and mild If men are dogs then women are black widows recuperating from a day FULL of spiders!!! NO MORE Black widows, please! I think the Lockdown attraction and the Black Widows cavern will be memorable this year! Who will help the widows son. Guido & Paul are at a bachelor - Alice and I are bachelor widows tonight. We're having fun anyway. next read: Secret's of the widows son. eBay: The Widows of Eastwick, John Updike, Good Book $1.0 Does anyone know of some cause/mission/charity benefited by Rob Bell's new book? JWTSC was all about widows & orphans. like stars. 912 moms bumped for Obama speech...>> At least Glenn Beck doesn't HATE the 912 moms like he did the 911 widows. what do you call the widows mite. Ha! "Nana needs a recipe for jello shots for her widows christmas lunch! Im not kidding!"-text from my mother
How Hospitably Do You Think Mexico Or India Would Be If 20 Or 30 Million Americans Came To Their Country? How Hospitably Do You Think Mexico Or India Would Be If 20 Or 30 Million Americans Came To Their Country?: If 20.. going to grimsby hospitably tomorrow for an op and looking forward to it at all
Gettin ready 4 this spectacular diva event 's BabyShower, a lil fender bender aint stop no show Bender the robot off Futurama??? If the vision is clear, the passion comes.~Bender Damn I hope didn't get Kanyed' or Cassidyd' or lil ceased'. Hope it was a fender bender At Bamboo Lounge for brunch and post AIDS Walk Mimosa bender Futurama - Bender's Big Score If you like futurama then it is a very funny one the... Bombers take advantage of Toronto's undisciplined ways and woeful ...: By JIM BENDER, SUN MEDIA The Argos w.. Sorry to hear about the fender bender, you aren't missin' much from the yet. Nice Nikon, btw. Brian Bender & the Little Shop of Horas -- Long Island Groove -- Eyn Velt are you aware i finally noticed you remind me of john bender from the breakfast club...think about it. I hate the tough choices in life, go for a nap or don't go for a nap it's a mind bender. Throwing at 2 today at Bender. Take advantage of the beautiful weather while we can! Queen's University Ends With Dozens Of Arrests: The weekend bender in Kingston, Ont. fizzled out early Su.. Aimee Bender, I love you. Of all crazy news to wake up to after GradyFest09 bender, "Polanski arrested in Zurich on way to get lifetime achievement award" tops list. Thanks for all the Follow Friday shouts! Sorry I missed it, I was on a 2 day bender w/ my Attorney! I think that's what they call a bender doesnt look like John Bender in the breakfast club?...think about it. I've been on a serious 90s chick rock bender lately & I WILL NOT APOLOGIZE! Please only real people or sentient funny robots like Bender and Marvin should follow me on twitter not porn bots or any of that shit! Charles Bender from Ojibwa tribe was FIRST to break baseball color barrier 44 years before Jackie Robinson!! pretty happy this bender's over. time to get my school act together. i know not of this bender, i am titanius anglesmith.. fancy man of cornwood! Futurama - Bender's Big Score If you like futurama then it is a very funny one the one thing about futurama ... yeah they casing Males for the second Last Air Bender.... ahh i cant wait to see the first one 2nd stop on Phil Bender World Tour today at 1 pm for AU field hockey vs WF...free pregame tailgate, win gift cards and much more! Back Seat Bender and other Videos on 22 days till 24 season 7 boxset is out. Might do another all day bender with it "Anything I've ever done that ultimately was scared me to death." -Betty Bender I admit it, I've been on a happiness bender! New blog post, enjoy! Tonight Bender's Tavern (314 E 13th Ave. Denver, CO, 80203) Enjoy $2 Well Drinks, PBR & Miller Lite! and spinning the best rock and punk! Hilarious clip from Steve Bender (@grumpy_gardener) about why you should garden: The Packers better show up as a competitive football team today or Saint Bender of Hastings is gonna be straight-up PISSED!
2 firsts 2 seconds out of 10 in youth HUS. Senior is next. ain't it cool?? You've seen the guy who did the star wars video? He's like one of The firsts I believe but does 4 best percussion, two firsts, and a hawk victory. great weekend. Eating breakfast and studying. There are two firsts. Technological Firsts from Road Skates to Televisions for Auction: Bonhams unveils as astounding number of first.. Technological Firsts from Road Skates to Televisions for Auction: Bonhams unveils as astounding number of first.. Factions, firsts and foolishness: THE Liberal preselection showdown in Bradfield had a little bit of iron.. I've had a lot of firsts in my life. Today might be the first time I puke in a sick bag on a plane. Not moment I am going to be proud of. heyy, my firsts followerss!! jaja, thks!!! That was a lot of firsts this weekend What if nobody got seconds until everyone had gotten firsts? Roll: BlackBerry, Apple, and the advantage of firsts Technological Firsts from Road Skates to Televisions for Auction Roll: BlackBerry, Apple, and the advantage of firsts Roll: BlackBerry, Apple, and the advantage of firsts What if nobody got seconds until everyone had gotten firsts? wow! today was a day for firsts. Last night was so fucking awesome! Really random, alot of firsts.. like getting hit on, getting drinks bought for me. Omg epic day last nite was a nite of firsts for surrre...holey moley only know what movie I am watching five mins before it one of many firsts.. it's Bruce willi's surrougate! today was so surreal and so full, full of firsts and not the best driving and the craziness found in west LA and its beaches "Firsts" are the BEST and celebrating our kids' firsts are a million times better than our own. Congrats! its greatt? i wantto love it but sometimes its drama filled. like high school. but i love it. i call my teachers by their firsts ha. if it wasn't good enough for firsts..... Me neither. All our marital firsts are getting blown out of the water because of the stupid fucking army. =( my sucked. i even cried lol pathetic. thx Sebas for ur b-day wishes. u were one of the firsts. Also thx Ju ... my sucked. i even cried lol pathetic. thx Sebas for ur b-day wishes. u were one of the firsts. Also thx Ju ... Johnson experiencing season of firsts What a night of firsts! Lots of firsts tonight. Never seen an attempt to hide a bald spot with a messy spike hairdo lol my b-day is almost over & it sucked. i even cried lol pathetic. thx Sebas for ur b-day wishes. u were one of the firsts. Also thx Julio, xx my is almost over. thx Sebas for ur b-day wishes. u were one of the firsts. my b-day sucked. i even cried. ... the first hip hop album i ever bought was xzibit's "restless" - - - wow that was on of my firsts 2 my is almost over. thx Sebas for ur wishes. u were one of the firsts. and i loved ur words. my bi ... Emalon down! Three guild firsts tonight! Will we ever get over that one we call our first love? And why does it so bad to see them firsts' wit someone else? Love is t ... Day of firsts! First donation on my site.... first Tux stitch reaching completion... first game night in months with Cousin David! 2 firsts for Penelope: 1) New US and 2) standing unassisted Not sure whats more exciting: the woman with the fur collar and foil dress or the free Both are firsts for me in Miami day full of firsts :) me likey golf!! 4 runs, 2 firsts. Carroll to 41 ended up with 3 firsts and a third at the harness racing. Now in town... MOMMY made me mac and cheese(: and brought it to me upstairs hahaha. There's firsts for everything! Score by Fooks comes just after his 1st career catch. Nice firsts for the young man from Anaheim. OSU up 28-0, 9:47 2nd what an interesting day. Alot of firsts... quite a weekend of firsts.. first ever football game tomorrow.. go ravens??
Please forgive us...as we drove home from church...our car emitted CO2 into the atmosphere EWG has published a detailing the amount of radiation emitted by cellphones - Blackberry is among the worst - haha yes, set to a wide sweep... here they could have them emitted from the lighting projectors :P Rio 2016 Offsets Carbon Emitted During Olympic Bid by Planting ... - Around the Rings... If post-industrial societies increasing emphasis on envir. protection,then why US is the country which emitted highest lv of CO2 every yr? "It is feared the sounds emitted are loud enough to damage eardrums and even cause fatal aneurysms." my eyes devour you into the black abyss you emitted within me, the furies by my side. They take their daughter and ... Would the light emitted from a flash light traveling just faster then the speed of light eventually fill up the refl.. The Chandrayayan space mission has discovered water on the moon. Gamma rays, positive emitted by stars and the sun form water. I was sure a little sound was being emitted. I'll have another look later cheers. Using my ex-flute skills to check the note emitted after every sip from a sparkling cider bottle. (yum). the scariest thing happened, the aircon in my room suddenly turned on and emitted a smoke.WAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! "It is feared the sounds emitted are loud enough to damage eardrums and even cause fatal aneurysms." Walking past a door....and hearing strange noises...emitted by two males....made me want to run and open the door at the same time o.0 Radiation emitted by cell phones can penetrate 1.6 - 2.4 inches into the human brain. Learn more: "The blue end of the light spectrum -- emitted by ordinary lightbulbs, televisions, and computer screens -- suppresses melatonin" WTF! lil sis just got emitted into the hospital again, she got a really bad infection that almost closed her throat after surgery :( I have the 8900... Awesome device... Sometimes the backlight cuts out by around 50% light emitted and then comes back! Y? TechFAQ: "Sounds emitted from the LRAD can be reflected back to the source by using a flat solid object" The cacophony emitted from the roaring crowd was deafening to my ears! Just emitted a tiny scream in quiet coach of the train as manilow is on island discs this sunday. theres probably loads more, but their light would have to have been emitted longer ago than the age of the universe. :] theres probably many times more, but theyre not old enough to have emitted a light or electromagnetic emission from that far away :] No carbon emitted making the electricity? Went to make some copies. The copy machine emitted strange noises .... sounded like crickets(insects) !!! Emitted During Olympic Bid by Planting 3,580 Trees Hey reddit, can cactus's absorb radiation emitted from your computer monitor? Hey reddit, can cactus's absorb radiation emitted from your computer monitor?: submitted by SniperXPX to AskReddit [.. Hey reddit, can cactus's absorb radiation emitted from your computer monitor? - That's not out of line...it's only been just recently that the Expo line has offset the GHG's emitted for the concrete. Peak light wavelength is the highest wavelength emitted from an LED. 2005: airline ind. emitted 37.5mill. tonnes of CO2(DfT). Jan09 Dft prediction for 2050=59.9mill t. Walsh claims reduction to 19 mill tonnes I kind of wish all copies of Twilight (print and dvd) emitted mace upon opening for the first time. Our Foams contain NO ozone depletion chemicals, formaldehyde, asbestos, and no toxic substances are emitted. We passed off gassing tests. Febreeze Pet Odour Eliminator smells worse than any odours emitted by any pets known to mankind. Foul and sickly-sweet. The universe is expanding so quickly that the that light emitted from our sun could reach is 15 billion light years away. Very sad! I kind of wish all copies of Twilight (print and dvd) emitted mace upon opening for the first time. harmful gases emitted by a bus carrying 100 people is only 1/6 that of 100 individual cars Curious. According to US EPA 19.4 lbs of CO2 is emitted per gallon of gasoline burned. Gas only weighs 5.93-6.42lbs per gallon. WTF? being emitted as our country? Global warming is the new religion for planet n u going to like it they say The that light emitted from our sun could reach currently lies around 15 billion light years away. harmful gases emitted by a bus carrying 100 people is only equal to 1/6 that of 100 individual cars The UN claims it has offset carbon emitted during climate change summit by funding a power project in rural India. Rio 2016 offsets carbon emitted during olympic bid by planting 3,580 trees - "Next, she retracted those tongues and emitted winged babies from her nipples to attack Dante." How much CO2 is emitted by the combustion of a gallon of gasoline? THIS SAME CHIK GET BEAT UP @ EVERY CLUB SMH <--- I WLD ADVISE HER TO SIT DWN SOMEWHERE B4 SHE BE EMITTED INTO ICU harmful gases emitted by a bus carrying 100 people is only equal to 1/6 that of 100 individual cars
hey hey, just got back from kefalonia :) how've you been? I got like fifty emails as soon as I switched my fone on telling me is there another Epic post? jesus..theres like..fifty of them already from last night! Fifty rape points?! Time to penetrating?! Hahahaha rachel! Want a fifty year old who refuses to grow old? if i give you a dollar can i tug on your ears whilst i sex your mouth? if i give you a dollar fifty, can i piss in your eyes? Ferrari F1 polo in tomato red for close to a hundred fifty.. Fifty thousand for 3 loos, five thousand for a photo copier? Where they by chance gold plated? Don't you have enough (fifty) phones? What does an eight-hundred-and-fifty-pound gerbil do for kicks? He shoves gay guys up his ass. when MR. Softee's ice cream was only a dollar fifty!? smh! now its damn near 3 dollars! A fifty yr old with elastic cuffs on her slacks doesn't create a fashion trend, right? Just checking. , i know right? There are some crazy drivers roaming about on saturday nights that are over the age of fifty And it is our job. We the ppl right? For the ppl by the ppl. Long lost words. Oh btw riding.. I say ride em like a fifty cent whor If any Tweets are actually paying attention? Non-physical propulsion is an innovative concept at least fifty years ahead of the times. So how long will that last, like the rest of the weekend? twelve packs of drpepper were on sale for three fifty so I bought ten What happen to the other 80 niggaz fifty signed to gunit? In that case *throws you a fifty* can I get a few things? Surprise me, I'm hungry. No cat meat! fifty dollars?! what in the world are they made of?! Well fifty bucks is awesome, twenty five is meh. Me? Figuring out the cost of my sanity --done fighting word press. Fifty years from now, when you're looking back at your life, don't you want to be able to say you had the guts to get in the car? Fifty bucks for JUST a smiley face on a finger? Psh. You got to be fucking me sideways. Is it unhealthy to be looking at blog stats more than fifty times a day? Not like I personally do that or anything. Noooo. Golden Boy got destroyed...How will the Gators lay a fifty burger on this weeks weakling now??? Why? So you can get some of this? You know you just have to send me a DM and I'll give us twe... fifty minutes alone. ;^) Oh come on october in britain. pfffft what it's fifty degrees f? I WANT GQ MUTHERFUCKER. (im gonna wear a aznbecca what fifty dollar ticket? Does anyone know how to block app requests on here? I am so sick of getting fifty a day. I don't play them! ... got fifty meaningless tattoos? Y'all kno what I mean No, I'm not a cop. What can I get for fifty bucks? ... Is Tim dead? Or just conserving his two fifty? plus he's banned fifty books or what seems like it... Who did you have last year ? when we had to walk fifty miles to school up hill in the snow both ways? Good times. Fifty Cadillacs going 25 under the speed limit in the left lane? It's official: the oldsters have arrived in Palm Springs. you finally got a pic up here...& ONE tweet from fifty years ago?! LMAO IM IN DA CLUB LIKE FIFTY ....NUFF OF THESE KIDS SNIFF ME..YA JEALOUS LIKE DA SNITCHES WHO'LL CALLED PIGS TO LICK ME !!!.....YA DIGG ME ?.. Oh. Huh. Ya know what he did with it all? He asked me for fifty cents. No, I'm not a cop. What can I get for fifty bucks? queue is the longest word that sounds like one letterno on is scared of fifty cent- jay-z....i wonder if fif gone go in now? fifty something.. when is it again? Where did "dollar fifty" go???He's suppose to wash our car next. Women over fifty: Are you feeling dowdy and depressed? I think NO WAY! But a new survey says you do. u saying u wipe yo butt with a blk woman and u only got two of em??? i don't even let em get close to my butt and i had fifty of em okay... so who has decided it is funny to call Claire fifty million times? Also, why the hell do I have fifty dollars of pennies in rolls? You need fifty 8.5" x 11" pages of the letter "P"? Let me make some calls... Someone stole fifty dollars out of my wallet. Seriously? Get a job and work for it like I do. I'm ordering checks for the first time in fifty-leven years. How many checks come in a box?
back LDN - outstanding not even ruined by my DJing interventions twixt serious muso boys. Great people, great fun, Didsbury glowed out at a community event 4 work...physical activity interventions at their best...obesity in the OC watch out, cuz I'm coming for u!!! lol out at a community event...physical activity interventions as their best...obesity in the OC watch out, cuz I'm coming for u!!! lol "Revealing the Real Risks: Obstetrical Interventions and Maternal ( ) The Minister of of Elena Skrynnik speaks about the beginning of the state purchases of (interventions) Aha - you see what we've been fighting against?? Any hospitalised is pressurised for interventions, most dangerous. Not big into the show Interventions, but the inhalant one I just watched brought a few tears! So the exam will be postponed until next week. But we still needed to go to UPCN, it was a wet experience, full of divine interventions. Lifestyle Interventions In The Prevention And Treatment Of Cancer - fewer interventions in home vs midwife attd hosp accd'g to CMAJ study What is Biomedical Interventions?: Biomedical interventions is the practice of treating an illness or disorder with diet I have not needed many medical interventions. I trust my physician. Reading a book about my Dad's medical issue and finding positive interventions. I just watched the best How I met your mother episode, "I think we need an intervention about giving people interventions." lol :) Seen on a roadsign: "eyebrow interventions performed here" Interventions are sweet, not. they were written as it justifeid americas agression towards communism and now to do with americas golbal interventions don't be mad at me. But i just kinda broke the interventions purpose Mitchell Johnson's interventions help Australia avoid West Indies ... - guardian.co.uk but how much longer can we foot the bill for these interventions? capitalism is an addict with serious boundary issues. That is a lie. We got angry with her for interrupting ongoing conversations with interventions. Marie R. No people scolded me for trying to interrupt all her trysts with interventions, etc. Nutrition: Dietician Involvement: all at risk patients should be referrred to a dietician for nutritional interventions sis I know ur not stripping...omg this calls 4 an interventions! Lol government with it's un necessary interventions bring the biggest economy in the on the verge of bankruptcy Canada Meds Lifestyle Interventions In The Prevention And Treatment Of Cancer: There is clear eviden.. Canada Meds Lifestyle Interventions In The Prevention And Treatment Of Cancer: There is clear eviden.. 'Lifestyle Interventions In The Prevention'... - Autism Books: Looking forward to reading new book "Behavioral Theories and Interventions for Autism" Lifestyle Interventions In The Prevention And Treatment Of Cancer: There is clear evidence that lifestyle choic.. Development impact - what difference do our interventions make? 2009 M&E handbook released by UNDP - download: Counselor skill influences outcomes of brief motivational interventions Lifestyle Interventions In The Prevention And Treatment Of Cancer: There is clear evidence that lifestyle choic.. going to be dreaming about guinea pigs, interventions, "just for girls" piano songs, toe socks, and funny Chinese waiters tonight. g'night! Lifestyle Interventions In The Prevention And Treatment Of Cancer: There is clear evidence that lifestyle choic.. Lifestyle Interventions In The Prevention And Treatment Of Cancer Lifestyle Interventions In The Prevention And Treatment Of Cancer Lifestyle Interventions In The Prevention And Treatment Of Cancer Four lifestyle interventions that can prevent cancer Four lifestyle interventions that can prevent cancer, Cancer Treatment i dont want my children now mini adults 2 B cured. But I WOULD like WorldUnderstanding Education re: interventions Tolerance Kindnes Interventions leading to reduction in fasting triglyceride levels will increase LDL size and contribute to reduce CHD risk Lifestyle interventions in the prevention and treatment of cancer Pharmacologic Interventions for Stroke: Looking Beyond the Thrombolysis Time Window Into the Penumbra With Biom.. Community Health Workers Implement Self-Management Interventions:
lonely x kids quiet w/3 boys its wild here a rare x now when there all awake "the quiet scares me cause it screams the truth." ... Peeling down the to Banff, the Majesty of The Rockies has the power to quiet the chattering monkeymind. Excited for our gig tonight. :) it's Sunday. what am I thinking about today? Love...the future...a stable quiet future...things I need to do. quiet night last, full-on stars, beautiful evening w/ blueberry grapes, honeycrisp apples and a little VC bubbly. others should be so lucky! Halo OTSD's background music has sax solo's a la KFOG, Quiet Storm. Enjoying some quiet time, just me and the kids. :) It's the quiet ones - adriazillllla: Not much... It's quiet ;-) Just knocked on my neighbors door. These muthafuckas be buggin out wif the noise. no they're madd quiet. :D 130am in Manila, it's quiet, no rain. here's hoping we'll hav sun 4d nxt few days. thanks for the well wishes & y'all, we appreciate em. OK, let's go in...quiet..big open space, sunlight filtering through cracks Without Christ, we will live in quiet desperation. As Christians, we need to "seize the moment," as in the movie Dead Poets Society. Quiet day with lots of stitching interupted by the odd cup of Tea...Heaven! -pokes the screen- Um, wow, , it's waaaaaaaaaaaay too quiet B quiet !...... hey boooo wat u doin ? mine would be CASEY REAL QUIET D is so quiet today. Almost as if people got snatched in the middle of the night by I just saw a bug fly and die when it met my window. It was quiet tragic. aye man i jus live life quiet bt dnt slip up niggga i aint talkin jus keep it solid im and willing ta fuck sumbody up nolo QUIET SUNDAY, SO FAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 Today I live in the quiet, joyous expectation of good. ~ Ernest Holmen girls that dont like u for no reason smh wat i did to u ? nothin. ppl think cause im quiet i wont curse them out. I am ready for some football!! But Chef is still asleep. So i haz to be QUIET. I am not good at that. Wow! Construction everywhere. I smell the stink of a cynical gov't. Why wasn't there any construction over this very quiet Summer? Pathetic. adrenalin OD this weekend. curse quiet factory life. curse mondays. Just had lunch with my sweet rommie who IM ed me to be quiet lol Seiko Wall Quiet Sweep Second Hand Clock Curved Glass Crystal Black Dial On the sofa with a blanket, alone. Only sound is the ticking of a clock and my own breathing. Solitude. Peace. A quiet mind. Heaven. we are having a great time, no doubt about that. Hope you are enjoying a nice quiet Sunday. oh yea KOL?? lets just say their 'crowd' and 'show' have changed quiet a bit... it was fun hangin with the Chicago boys for a bit tho! well I'm just concentrating on UK gigs and it's quiet at the moment:) secretly hoping for a quiet day at the store how bout next year we just do a nice quiet relaxin' dinner with our closest friends? then we hit up Dave&Busters lol... at the hospital 'working'... the floor is so quiet, i am bored... 6.5 hours down... 5.5 hours to go.. i guess...... i'm alway's pissin somebody off even when i'm quiet imagine that ... Quiet fall Sunday morning, scrambled eggs and toast and a warm cardigan. Moments of happiness to be treasured. Please let it be a quiet day at restaurant. Not feeling so hot this morning. Chilling at the firehouse watching some NFL-so far,all quiet on the emergency front! i was just thinking that. it's been quiet all weekend. Just checked out the view from the water on a couple of our homes from the jet ski. Crisp and quiet on Lake Norman this a.m. Stop laughin! Hahahhahaha I never seen a bar so quiet after the skins the drop the ball and didn't score on 4th down a quiet and empty house! Yes! I hate. I'm jst quiet & look mean, which is ez wen u shave ur head. but truely I cant thnk wut 2 say, I lower my standards It's true. Quiet cove is actually...quiet. Hahahhahaha I never seen a bar so quiet after the skins the drop the ball and didn't score on 4th down Just got bla a copy of the diceman... Think I may get away with a quiet evening :) a song for your but when it is quiet i know what it means & ill carry you home.
By good news! Bugbase module is now wifi enabled (via .@mydeviation "engines, by which cunning, ambitious and unprincipled men will be enabled to the Power of the People" I want Internet enabled kids, so you could make them eat veg, stop fighting with each other and stop trumping during Sunday lunch! Review: WiFi-enabled Eye-Fi Geo SD card tags Places for iPhoto - Apple Insider: Review: WiFi-enabled Eye-Fi Geo SD ca... Paid Content Business Enabled By Google Micropayments: By good news! Bugbase module is now wifi enabled (via Dear Verizon Wireless: When the bleep are you planning on "allowing" a WiFi enabled BlackBerry on your network? (It's 2010 in 14 weeks...) HTC LEO / HD2 shipping with multi-touch enabled Opera Mobile 9.7 AT&T just me that I have MMS enabled. Too bad I hacked my phone to enable it a month ago. AT&T for the FAIL. Special appeal for 1-time offering 2 cover our deficit. It really is amazing what God has enabled is to do ... we just want 2 keep doing it. Phone with enabled costs around 100USD? By good news! Bugbase module is now wifi enabled (via super power I wish I had: Wi-Fi enabled within my nervous system. youkette enabled Vilvoorde's horses 4 (Traditional Cache): By good news! Bugbase module is now wifi enabled (via Oh, fabulous. I may update that post with your video!! You did leave embedding enabled, right? You still get the hits! Turns out it was me. I enabled cookies and voila! FANTASTIC WEB-SITE! Love it!! not enabled... thats y i asking u if u like... - how do I login using my gapps domain? I just get SSO not enabled, go to docu for instructions. Docs don't help.. Check out MC's [Fact Me] Site, cell-phone enabled. Holy Grail for the customer: TV set-top boxes that are fully Net-enabled. Any programming, any time - in H-D Just enabled the No Fail cheat in Guitar Hero so my daughter can play longer than 30 seconds. Our Cell Phone Enabled Site Is Online! (still being put together) Just finished work. Have reset about a million students passwords and enabled wireless on about a billion laptops :) bec of flood in the Philippines,people r now livin on their rooftops,som r dyin.HELP AS GOD ENABLED U.even small $ count ... By good news! Bugbase module is now wifi enabled (via good news! Bugbase module is now wifi enabled (via bec of flood in the Philippines,people r now livin on their rooftops,som r dyin.HELP AS GOD ENABLED U.even small $ counts. redcross.org.ph I enabled twitter on my phone and now it's randomly sending tweet updates from selected people I follow. Whyyy. E760 bios bug or feature? Technology enabled is not ...: Last night i try every bios setting and.. "It was character that got us out of bed, commitment that moved us into action, & discipline that enabled us to follow through."Zig Ziglar By good news! Bugbase module is now wifi enabled (via good news! Bugbase module is now wifi enabled (via yes you do need both iphones to be mms enabled. Personal experience dealing with politicians, trust, ethics, morals,would give a D-.Enabled politicians to speak with forked tongue HTC LEO / HD2 shipping with multi-touch enabled Opera Mobile: HTC LEO / HD2 shipping with multi-touch enabled Opera .. Does "UDMA enabled" mean it is Firewire? Sorry if that is a rather basic question. I'd pay more for a 3D enabled TV. At "The Future of 3D" panel, where games, film, TV, & business are all bringing it in 3D. I've enabled it too, but I've noticed sometimes even after undoing a send, the email was still sent. Hope they fix that... I've enabled Profiles-technique on my website. Now I can focus on personalization. By good news! Bugbase module is now wifi enabled (via good news! Bugbase module is now wifi enabled (via Business Process Improvement strategies enabled by Dynamics CRM, SharePoint, and custom SilverLight 3.0 applications. Finally, iPhone MMS enabled by ATT. And in typical Apple style, it's amazingly seamless with the rest of the iPhone OS: HTC LEO / HD2 shipping with multi-touch enabled Opera Mobile 9.7 My MacBook Pro (early 2008) battery doesn't last 2 hours with wifi enabled lowered screen brightness. Hooray, MMS finally comes to the iPhone. So in an iPhone to iPhone transfer, do both iPhones need to be MMS enabled for it to work? HTC LEO / HD2 shipping with multi-touch enabled Opera Mobile 9.7 tip Enabled 256 colors on the terminal. Looks better :) HTC LEO / HD2 shipping with multi-touch enabled Opera Mobile 9.7
the lemonade <b>diet</b> is great and is a great alkalizer for the blood but can be difficult for a beginner cleanser the lemonade diet is great and is a great alkalizer for the blood but can be difficult for a beginner cleanser
10/01/09 is your Last Chance for Free MP3 Downloads from my Debut CD Re-Evolutionize - Get 'em while they're Hot!
Hawaiian word -- hihiwai -- An endemic grainy snail found in both fresh and brackish water. "My balls are sweating in brackish water." - random drunk guy in line What happen to my tap water? Used to be delicious, but suddenly in the last two months its tasting brackish like lake water. A boat's natural habitat is water. Today we sample brackish. Time for messin' about! a very creepy night after a flood. this is the brackish water from the dream. Saw a former coworker today who said his new job makes him very happy. My envy has transformed me into a bitter, brackish mole. Now BLASTING Kittie "Brackish" at 11!!! :D The Diamondback Terrapin is the only species of in America that spends its life in brackish water. Listening to 'Brackish' by Kittie An organism that bathes in sunlight and brackish water, eats CO2 We have mudskippers in store. Very interesting little guys, need a brackish tank. Come in & talk to our aquarium section staff if interested Dalmation mollies, Brackish puffers, creamsicle mollies, Mickey mouse mollies, fancy guppies ... So tired, so very tired. Why must my job require that I be constantly wired within this brackish mire? Brackish do Kittie! ^^ ...just heard another brackish 'BRUNO' review. Does 'Borat' beat 'Bruno' hands down?? No truly freshwater fishes have reached Bermuda or could survive there, for all of the ponds are brackish and the streams are temporary. Listening to 'Brackish' by Kittie listening to Kittie - Brackish ...handed her a glass filled with brackish liquid. "Iced tea," he said. "I made it. Robespierre took mom out shopping. Now... Wet and brackish. Driving here, kept glancing at the low-hanging, fast-moving clouds from the south, in case they decided to jump me. "Still waters run deep." And sometimes they're just a brackish pool. yisss, brackish all the waaay! <3 kittie!
Teensy weensy strawberry cupcakes. YEAH, so far, i cant play any of teh songs i like...BECAUSE OF TEENSY WEENSY SIZED HANDS D:< i should play drums now (: of my teensy weensy penis :o its apparent. Thanks for restoring a teensy weensy little bit of my faith in love. New:: Lust by Teensy Weensy Women's Fetish Lingerie, Pandora, Black, Small/Med I reread the feature that I wrote last summer. I noticed a teensy-weensy grammatical error. How embarrassing :| Yup!.. i'll admit that I am maybe a teensy weensy bit intoxicated... ;p (How's your day going? :)) SAVE $32.99 - Lust by Teensy Weensy Women's Fetish Lingerie, Barbarella, Black, Large/Xlarge $35.76 Smokey's awesome, same with Joss ...but together .. umm.. just teensy weensy creepy you only have one teensy weensy little miniscule life ...live it large ..just chuck everything and GO the TV visuals make him look teensy weensy Teensy weensy bit creeped out. Also watching drug raids in Wales ahaha SAVE $32.99 - Lust by Teensy Weensy Women's Fetish Lingerie, Cobra, Black, Small/Med $35.76 Just a teensy-weensy bit. Not so you can tell, or anything...:) all I want for xmas is a teensy weensy bottle of SK-II essence. I hope they launch in Manila soon. Also RMK. Sigh. Yes it's a teensy weensy bit too early I agree ! Photoset: The cover of my upcoming diary. Yes, exciting, I guess. The teensy weensy blob of colour is dried... I might be a teensy weensy bit strongwilled and independent. There is a reason behind it, but it still doesn't excuse or help. I just got a perfect little idea for a teensy weensy e-book. Trying to throw an approximate time-plan for writing w/o losing enthusiasm. *EXHAUSTED* still got more homework to do. felling a teensy weensy bit sleepy. if mum ears this she'll go MAD!!! Who here has a blogger account? Could you do me a teensy weensy favor? Any chance the Itsy bitsy spiders are using teensy-weensy jet packs?
Hey Zombies! We just added some screenigns from check it out! digs it- go big or go home. the current record holder The "I'm a Mac/I'm a PC" ads have got nothing on this: A view on and urging 'tweet for victory' at The fiesta was a success! Now - off to the Roosevelt hotel to check out wedding digs! Yippee! Alright! ::digs around for a cooler and goes and packing in a bunch of food:: My brother digs taylor swift. o werd i digs son im od 6ored son lol watssup wit dat rain6ow 6 I understand. Have a guy friend from many years ago I found again on FB. Not sure his wife digs it, either. I knew him 1st, tho. I totally Avery Doinger's suit against her school - freedom of speech cannot be compromised Google Voice newbs, here's a handy dandy from Lifehacker, just for you. BTW, Google Voice - awesome! a hobo just pointed at me, I think he digs my style. Haha, my Tweet was graded A . Check it here . What is yours? endlessly digs livingroom-floor camp-outs with indie movies and cheap, fruity wine. ily, Mason. ... Namcos Mr. Driller Digs Its Way to the App Store Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, ...... /// Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, ...... /// Our New Leadership endlessly digs livingroom-floor camp-outs with indie movies and cheap, fruity wine. ily, Mason. So.....what if you were restricted in the real world to only 140 Characters? Well here is an excellent example! Hahaha i opened his new toy, &he digs in the box &says "ooh! paper!! " lol woww Congratulations on the move. I'm sure you'll enjoy your new digs and enjoy NH as much as Maine. And Foothills is indeed a great spot! well done for not lowering yourself to katies level bny having digs at her. She is pathetic. A good mother but nothing else. Gifts for the home and body remember in the movei 5th element where they use a cockroch to spy on people. well its about to get real. Here's a photo from one of our digs Working Moms are the Mobile Power Users in the U.S. their mean cell phone bill is $94, 21% higher than average user. Stuffed Animal Tales: Weirsdo Digs Up More Nixon Scandals Congrats to Cassie Engelgau who moved up to in Career Digs this weekend! Anyone interested in seeing Surrogates tonight? - Not neccessarily a bad thing - Obama's interested in summer vacation: Today's sacrifices are for Tomorrow's dreams. ~Burke Hedges OYL digs. Laying the foundation for a better life. Inch By Inch, We Dig... working on a fusion lick 4 my boy Eric Moore's clinic coming up.. hope he digs it, cause I'm coming 4 his throat on this 1!!! ; ) I have found a new way to fish off the Stand Up Paddle surfboard - Wright Digs In Against Bad Habits in Wake of Beaning (New York Times) August on Saatchi Showdown: Current rating: 7.01 Rated: 1460 time(s) - today is the last voting day - I'll be down in FL in dec visiting the parentals new digs still in boro, goin to le tub on tuesday me thinks. are u in ur new digs yet? I digs. If it was urs, I bet U woulda made urself scarf that shit rather than waste moola. is almost home... listening to the Browns on the radio and catching up with the People of site. LOL: EA - eatin pussc gotta please my girl ya digs asks digs? TV: Week In Review at Noon SLT on Channel 2 at This is crazy.....in six sets last week, Ashley Mass averaged 8.33 digs per frame! Talking to niece on Skype whose arrived at new Uni digs to kitchen cupboards, broken freezer and a wardrobe that's too small!! Wrapping up the 1st set of services at our new digs. Lots to do... all in all... Great time w/ Abba today!
This is by far the dudebro-iest Ive ever been to plus a dangler or two Im just going to avoid them. Don't want to catch anything Oh no first thing I see when pulling up to this shin dig is a dangler's car. foul! You're on the "Chicking Line", centering Anne and Aileen. You're a sniper, Anne's a dangler, Ai's a playmaker. I mke it my bsness to tell myslf I'm beautiful evrydy...I culd hve a dangler in my nose or sleep in my eye & I say.."GIRL YOU ARE HOTT!!!!!" *Blink...blink...* Probably because she was whoring herself out to anything with a dangler between its legs. I gave this track the Alaskan crab claw dangler. Next up give the bridge a cherokee chop saw lol oh i do love my ebay they also have a keychain with a pic of a nakie Eric with his dangler covered w/a sheet The hamburger was for dogs. I know one dog posted photos of it. Did you get a brush set, a toy on elastic & wool dangler? They call me the juicy dangler! They call me the juicy dangler! I want to be a professional bridge-dangler when I grow up. I'm waiting for a West End bridge dangler to be hit by a barge. It would please me to no end. Ha! A user just called me a cock tease for delaying his laptop refresh. Carrot dangler, perhaps. But cock tease?!?! new goal - bridge dangler. that'd be great on a card, right? thats my style,"the juicy dangler"...jp Next time eat the tequila worm I did once! I really like this headline: Holly Madison-Worm Dangler I really like this headline: "Holly Madison-Worm Dangler" I really like this headline: "Holly madison-Worm New Blog Post: Holly Madison -- Worm Dangler New Blog Post: Holly Madison -- Worm Dangler Sitting with my herp hole, cunt nugget, and poon dangler aka and lance If don't answer his mutha fuckin phone damnit! UGH ***wit meee boooo n we have a dangler lol*** Oh you juicy dangler! ~GOSSIP~ Holly Madison -- Worm Dangler: Filed under: Playboy It's good to see Holly Madison didn.. Holly Madison -- Worm Dangler - Holly Madison -- Worm Dangler via Holly Madison -- Worm Dangler - Filed under: Playboy It's good to see Holly Madison didn't let the small childre.. Holly Madison -- Worm Dangler - Filed under: Playboy It's good to see Holly Madison didn't let the small children i...
Bushfire in Sydney's contained: Firefighters are strengthening firebreak.. Sounds good. Just had a Shafer Firebreak '98 with lasagna. Was still holding up.
that girl that was wearing matching vest and trousers or maybe u should invest in a bullet proof vest, if for spy training, LOL Just purchased 1 Bulletproof Vest - My nerf proof vest... Got shot so many times u can borrow my vest..its not my style..style?? You aint got no style mufucka! Hahahahahahahaha Wondering why the cyclist who just passed is wearing a reflective neon vest, but no helmet? bought a Bullet-proof Vest in Today's mood: dour. Glad I didn't wear that sweater vest otherwise all I would need is a bun to complete my stereotype today. and a rusty halo!!! Fact: Every time wears a sweater vest, an angel gets its wings. --Carig Got one more max azria with my babysittting i wanted the purple plaid to but whatever. mine has a vest on it. new colors of Manos Silk and new pattern book in the shop today! Check out our blog for next month's KAL--circular vest from Vogue Knitting. Lmao and the third shift he/she that always wears the vest bought a Bullet-proof Vest in Yep...one of those geniuses lit his/her sweater-vest on fire...maybe before u got there...brilliance! woke up at 12 fell back asleep and now its 2!!!..what a night geez..#shoutout to tha dude I met wit tha bubble vest. bought a Bullet-proof Vest in bought a Bullet-proof Vest in bought a Bullet-proof Vest in Girl here with safety pins all over her vest with a "punx not dead" patch. oh lawd. girl is so punx! bought a Bullet-proof Vest in Cant have me on W.O.W. .. it wud be Jodeci all over again .. and this nigga is black as shit with that lil ass polo vest lol Have yet 2 take off fur vest since I got to Boston- all these fireplaces, sailboats, stone floors, & old houses are making me miss the City LMFAO noooo never lol its a cardigan vest has miles of style this morning, with a skinny tie and double-breasted vest! i am going to fucking value village to get some sexy ass leather pants and vest muhahaha I just bought Smoking vest on Stardoll. Check out my Suite! Take that vest off you look like Aladdin!!! I freaking love Superbad!!! sweater vest sunday ! :D Fact: Every time wears a sweater vest, an angel gets its wings. --Carig Just purchased 1 Bulletproof Vest I just bought Stubble, Check Print Vest on Stardoll. Check out my Suite! ma dad jus really went in on me abt a damn vest! r u kidding?! wow this really shows how close we r!HIM....MILESAWAY..............ME I NOW HAVE A VEST IN MY LIFE. bought a Stab-proof Vest in on Twitter........Please help with how to clean ""Irag-encrusted"" tactical vest & body armor. Thank you. bought a Bullet-proof Vest in Just purchased 1 Bulletproof Vest cant stop laughing bout the grahamer, now i know what he meant with the sandwiches and the gym, haha. open vest, out, LOVE U ANYWAY! x bought a Bullet-proof Vest in Just purchased 1 Bulletproof Vest Coolest vest ever!!! I just bought Stardoll jeans, Von D Vest, Satin Bra, Biker Jacket on Stardoll. Check out my Suite! Yay!! My aunt got me a vest from gap... Found a vest to go with my suit. Don't think I'll spring for a fedora. bought a Bullet-proof Vest in why bullet proof vest? Jeans-Jordan Craig, I know Brasco Vest- Burlington, Hair done by Michelle London @ Duafe's "u better have extra lining in ya vest, cause im ridin with the tec like im drivin with a ref"....this nigga is ill
Website programming, possibly with Goodbarry ........ Wondering the direction MTV is taking its programming, just look here: And you'll conclude: Same old crap. 10 extremely useful PHP classes - php webdevelopment programming 10 extremely useful PHP classes - Disclaimer: it's about Programming Checking out some Ruby programming screencasts from Peepcode. Website programming, possibly with Goodbarry .... Stay tuned to the History Channel for it's bombardment of stock Freemasonry programming. Thank Brown Dan. 1 and a half left in this bitch then off to harlem for sunday night HBO programming I'm doing the Stanford iphone programming online class and one of the assignments is to program a twitter client, so yes. teach your self game programming teach your self game programming Light installation programming by while listening to a great set by Richie Hawtin. - SAS programming "Epigram: Ada is the 400-pound gorilla of programming languages." Back to your normal programming!!!!!!! what up tweeters whats up for today!!!1 FOX made a programming decision to carry the Giants game in extended market. If you live in that area you can't see the Pats Light instalation programming by while listening to a great set by Richie Hawtin. - Notice that PBS has been running pro HC programming 24/7 for days....Fair and Balanced with our tax $$$ Just helped someone from with a question about *programming* ...on Aardvark! Website-programming,-possibly-with-Goodbarry-by-bizbreakthrough programming question.: Hey all, I have never ordered any kind of packaging Hurm. Do websites not care for .bmps? Wouldn't display one picture, but it displays another just fine... hurm. PROGRAMMING CONFUSES ME At least, when programming, anyway. If you don't use tabs, some scripts won't run right. [spaceflight2d] gvx - Applied some programming style Screen settings homework, presentation, programming, homework, death. Any body knows which charset indication has priority for browsers: Metatag or Content-Type header? writing ScriptLance Programming Project: Hi I need 20 to be written in good english to submit .. A Neighborhood of Infinity: Finite Differences of Types Thing I do beyond software programming is electronic music programming. And I must say the best IDE for music dev ;) is Renoise Tracker. Skatin after work. Programming LUA when I get home. Freelance Web Design Website programming, possibly with Goodbarry by bizbreakthrough I need suggestions for tasks that would be fitting for a first-year student in programming, language-agnostic. Anyone have ideas? Chinese Station Defies Recession to Expand Programming "21st century literacy skills" the focus of TVO's new programming season: << - Ontario Education Minister.. Why can't I see the Nascar HotPass channels? I get a screen saying Nascar HotPass, but no programming. Listening to Dan Reeder's Work Song and programming on a Sunday. After 3 days I finally open TweetDeck to check out new tweets. I spent whole weekend programming project for Distrubuted prog, 70% done ;) Mother to son on train I'm on; "stop whining, girls do that" - gender programming in action ladies and gents! Connex Developer Looking to join a specialist IBM development team ? Do you have recent programming skills i ... "21st century literacy skills" the focus of TVO's new programming season: << - Ontario Education Minister.. iPhone Camera Programming Exercises - by Norman McEntire - Kindle Edition. Freelance Website Design Job - Website programming, possibly with Goodbarry The Ultimate Programming Cheat Sheet List For Web Designers And Developers - (via How to write boost.python
Google is spelled wrong today :) just remebered that iv got a james blunt cd : back to bedlum (is that how its spelled?) anyone else notice that google is spelled with 2 "L's" on today?11th Bday Today's google sign is spelled googlle. What am I missing? <-- are you serious?! *goes check* i missed spelled so my 2 message tweet didnt show up together!! you know damn well Brandy is not spelled with and "I" LOL 11th anniversary. Goog11e. why is googlle being spelled with two 'l's today? I love Google's wit: Google in EN spelled with 2 'l's prob coz it's 11, and in GE one o is crossed out referring to the election. Why is Google Spelled Wrong? -> Today's google sign is spelled googlle. What am I missing? Google is right now spelled Googlle to signify that they're 11 years old today: easy... it's spelled Z O R N Javie taught me...yo Necessito dormir. Estoy muy cansada. Which means.. I need sleep I'm very tired. I'm sure spelled incorrectly though. Wondering why Google is spelled wrong today? It's in celebration of its 11th anniversary! Why Google Spelled wrong as Googlle: If you happened to access Google today then you would have noticed that Go.. STFU!! No way! idk if it's the same girl but he's with the brunette from Bring it On Eliza Duksu or whatever it's spelled Hahaha you spelled sorry wrong retard Ok... I spelled it wrong. We are at the Chautauqua Festival. in Madison, IN If you go to Google's search page you'll see that the word Google is spelled Googlle with. 2 "l"s. It's maybe because Google is 11 years old Had to repost that one...I spelled his name wrong :( idk if it's the same girl but he's with the brunette from Bring it On Eliza Duksu or whatever it's spelled hope u feel better. my weekend was pretty good, nothing to strenuous (is that spelled right, lol) I have spent an hour drawing "Complementary" in One-Fell-Swoop font with colored pencils JUST to discover I spelled it "complimentary". FML & dhis old ladyy is tealin from dha commersary if i spelled it right lml It's their 11th bday. They are 1s not ls. why is googlle being spelled with two 'l's today? spelled wrong?!? no, it's the 11th bday of Googlle dollface and folk r spelled just a wee tiny bit differently lol watching Beverly HIlls Chihwawa.... I KNOW I spelled that wrong but.... Haha. Went to Google and they spelled it wrong. :D Nice. Happy Google. (Why didn't I notice that when I went there this morning?) you do know Misspelled is spelled Misspelled. Right? How u doing Kim? Its spelled Rachael btw. I don't know what's worse, the fact that I spelled it wrong or the fact that it took me a whole day to figure out I spelled it wrong. u spelled it right nah not yet he is 8 months he is stupid fat! just a reminder, TONIGHT is spelled tonight, not tonite. god. so annoying. what the hell happened to school? why is googlle being spelled with two 'l's today? uknowwhatilike ? I like proper grammar and words that are spelled correctly. : ) get it together America! sheesh. Yes. I miss those days. when the contraction for "you are" was spelled: you're ? Why is Google Spelled Wrong?: For instance, Google submitted its registration papers for the domain name on 4th.. ? I like proper grammar and words that are spelled correctly. : ) get it together America! sheesh. I just realized on my Twitter background that I spelled as "Liberatarian"... Epic fail. LOL. when the contraction for "you are" was spelled: you're ? ... well, cept maybe on Twitter lol when the contraction for "you are" was spelled: you're ? // It still is. Lols Yeah that . Lols & Mines Is Spelled J. A. C . O . Y . A Like bam son, christina yamguci ha haa spelled her name wrong but who cares cause she is hot and so is olivia munn The hostess was just telling a story and there were kids around so she spelled 'sucks cock'. I just met her and i love her. Lol. I spelled Metamorphoze "Metamorphose", changed it back to z, then back to s, then had to check the song title. It was z. Lol. is TOTALLY Mark. (spelled her name wrong the first time XD) Who's gonna complete my RENT cast? He is sooo bad, and into everyting! Is Mateo 1 yet?( Not sure if I spelled it right) no check last name spelled differently
Wiser Riordan entitled to hope for another cap: YOU know that things have changed a bit down Easter Road when t.. He's the older, wiser version of Tony Simmons. "Those who R led by the HSpirit have tru ideas; that is y so many ignorant ppl R wiser than the learned." ~St John Vianney For the foolishness of God is wiser than man's wisdom, ? whats that all about? your the only one used that tag so I am none the wiser! n the end u will always get wiser with age and and find out who is there n the end honesty may but real eyes c ... n the end u will always get wiser with and and find out who is there n the end honesty may but real eyes can s ... So I've got Brett Favre, a bit of Wiser's left, and brotha Matt to watch the game with... life is supa dupa. \m/ even though your younger than me Nicole I think your much more wiser in your years. What is ?... have had a look and still none the wiser :)) IMITATION=often WISER than Innovation. Paul3x"Imitate me!"Learn best=models.If u say"I'll b original or nothing" u'll b both! IMITATION=often WISER than Innovation. Paul3x"Imitate me!"Learn best=models. If u say"I'll b original or nothing" u'll b both! Now another year wiser! Yes, I know... But please don't shatter my dreams.. :) Never woulda made it, never coulda made it without U. I'm stronger, I'm wiser, I betta, so much betta. LOVE MARVIN SAPP!!! Thank U Lord ... OMG your 50, and I'd hope with time you'd get wiser! NOT!!! It's time to retire...GRRRRR!!! i get older &nd wiser evryday..last night off good thn idk wht happened..today mite not be mha day..imOff.. ... i get older &nd wiser evryday..last night off good thn idk wht happened..today mite not be mha day..imOff.. ... I am sure a wiser approach with more patience. my darling you couldn't speak more wiser words! Talent always prevails !Even if it takes a min to get there!:-) Preached last in my series on Proverbs. I think we're wiser for the experience. What is wiser? Stopping the sales or creating awareness??? No matter how many times I read about it or look it up, I'm never actually any the wiser about what the Hellfire Club actually is. is feeling younger, it's better than wiser. Your perspective on this subject will change when you get older and much wiser, trust me. ;-) A wise man learns from his mistakes, but a wiser man....learns from the mistakes of others. Bush when you were in charge you should have been wiser..now I want to see who's going to come up with a solution.Pray 4 happy as u said older wiser! Regarding iphone apps u should try twiterrific not echofon. It's easier & has features next time, let us all be wiser and politically mature in choosing our gov't leaders. election next year - let's ponder... and vote wisely! Yeah, that's much wiser. when you were in charge you should have been wiser..now I want to see who's going to come up with a solution.Pray for I really don't know. I spent some time thinking about it over lunch and I'm none the wiser. One year older and still none the wiser ~ that'll haveta change and quick! ;p cuz im older, and im wiser. im ready to hold on to something deeper. something stronger. im ready for... you. IMITATION=often WISER than Innovation.Paul3x"Imitate me!"Learn best=models. Learn 2 follow first,then u can leading "im stronger, im wiser, im better, much better"---I MADE IT I MADE IT...I WOULD'VE GAVE UP, BUT LORD YOU WERE RIGHT THERE "Those who are led by the Holy Spirit have true ideas; that is why so many ignorant people are wiser than the learned." ~St John Vianney Erm, still none the wiser...!! What does TIGMOO mean? I just looked up what it stood for, but feel none the wiser. in last nights club outfit, I threw a cardigan over it, nobody's the wiser. Be honest about what you sense. It is knowledge & you can use whatever you find to be wiser. [R.I.P LOVED ONES] CANT WAIT FOR THE CALENDARS TOO COME OUT THIS NOV, SCHOOL & WORK, IM JUST STRONGER & WISER.. WHY ... My Mary, always the wiser of the two of us, has told me to drop the subject. :-) I know, as time passes by I become more wiser. there was no such thing as Would we still become wiser on love?..#fail... (#fail times 2) A new day and a day wiser! I always seem to learn somethinnn....neva make the same mistake twiceee Now Playing: Bettye LaVette - You'll Wake Up Wiser IT COULD ALL BE DIFFERENT IF IT WASN'T. FOR T.O.N.Y. OOOOOOOHHHHHHHH I'm A LOT WISER AND A LIL OLDER BABY BAE IT WAS NICE TO KNW YA LOL ...Can his mic develop a "fault" //hehehe-we'll all close our eyes for 5 secs and no one's the wiser
buying makeup makes me happy when upset.My eyes are puffy so I am wearin my sunglasses in the store they probably think I am gonna shoplift. Going to Tanger on 22 to pretend I have money. Or maybe just to shoplift. yesturday it was very funny because when we walked out of a shop a woman was trying to shoplift and got jamp on by all the staff A man can't shoplift it...if so he goes to jail! "A real man doesn't shoplift the poody" - Cuba Gooding Jr., Jerry Maguire I'm ANN LANDERS!! I can SHOPLIFT!! Ruffin mcneill looks like hes tryin to shoplift a beanbag chair yo mama got one polo hat and she shoplift frm ron jons talkin bout she swag when she surf yo mama got one polo hat and she shoplift frm ron jons talkin bout she swag when she surf<--LMFAO!!!!!!! yo mama got one polo hat and she shoplift frm ron jons talkin bout she swag when she surf A real man doesn't shoplift the pooty from a single mother. Shoplift my You're a theif. heyyyy manddy i was tempted to go by ur job nd shoplift lol...how u doing? lol yeah that teacher was out of control. It was in a foreign country..they are strict down there if you shoplift say "A real man wouldn't shoplift the poodie from a single mother!"- Rod Tiddwell hahahaha "I didn't shoplift the pooty." Do like other kids your age - shoplift one! > I should get an 8GB microSD card for my BB. Anyone wanna send me one? ~ (j/k) reading all the shoplift pre coverage, None else kinda want one. hmm.. anyone get one yet? RoboPanda at King Power Duty free. You have got to be kidding me. [More stuff to shoplift? scream as loud as you can, shoplift til your content, have sex with as many men as you want.. nah.. i was.. but im straight.. im about to go to to shoplift... - Don't shoplift laughing or making people laugh... It's what's I do best besides shoplift :)<==lol laughing or making people laugh... It's what's I do best besides shoplift :) Lmao @ these 2 dudes plot to shoplift. I think they said they're doin it tuesday. Ima explain the plan later. Derren Brown made someone shoplift a big tv! We're gonna go to the mall and window shoplift... Went to the store. Saw someone trying to shoplift. She got caught right away. The scene was hilarious. isn't sure if he counts as immoral for thinking "Gee, it'd be really easy to shoplift this pencil sharpener" or moral for not doing so... One more day. <3 Let's shoplift an outfit. ;D Outlets are really good to shoplift at. There's like 2 workers in each store haha. No cameras, slippin' A guy in Tescos just dropped all the stuff he was trying to shoplift :| looking forward to it esp. the shoplift bit as Derren chuckled about this on his pt3 interview on events site. Man caught trying to shoplift AR-15 rifle from Decatur goods store: According to police.. Man caught trying to shoplift AR-15 rifle from Decatur goods store: According to a police Jona.. The pound shop is full of jakes. if you are going to shoplift why not do it somewhere where there are valuble things to steal? ree7aiG: - We're gonna go to the mall and window shoplift... Can't you just shoplift it? The other day my son tried to shoplift from a store we were in. I told the store manager... Reminiscing about the days Tito use to shoplift Circus mags from Barnes and Noble. The other day my son tried to shoplift from a store we were in. I told the store manager... She said colenades have better service. Fine take your business there. I'm sure that's where you shoplift on a regular basis. Just saw 5 teens get busted for trying to shoplift beer. Dumbasses Wisdom Words: Never shoplift stuff like cat food! If you choose to do such a thing, go for the M&M's ... humor .. Wisdom Words: Never shoplift stuff like cat food! If you choose to do such a thing, go for the M&M's ... funny .. Wisdom Words: Never shoplift stuff like cat food! If you choose to do such a thing, go for the M&M's ... HUNX & HIS PUNX tonight at Schiller St! If you aren't in Memphis for Gonerfest your ass better be at the show tonight! Shoplift FROWNP ... I shoplift for a living. haha topman! I know, if you're gonna shoplift, have some class lol! Hope everything is ok with you? from the shoplifting)
love that you wear alot of lia sophia! What is your favorite of accessorizing your outfit? Accessorizing Had a dream in which I was late for work because I took too long accessorizing my outfit. Never feel rested when I dream about real life. so this fresh weather means layering, sweaters, "accessorizing" it up and my boots =) Best bridesmaids accessorizing goes to Brittany for giving her girls 2 necklaces to layer. Loved it. It's all about accessorizing: is it me or do Padraig's shoelaces match his belt and the logo on his that's some serious accessorizing. Hi Stace! Pls try to read the DM I sent you with the ? on accessorizing a dress (sent u a pic of it) I leave for Vegas Mon! I'm in Belfast for Rachel's sister's wedding. Three little sisters are excitedly dressing and accessorizing upstairs. Check out One Lil' Snap: Make Accessorizing a Snap {Giveaway} at Accessorizing Your Garden | John Seymour is accessorizing with Halloween decorations XD Magic was accessorizing. Maybe they were his training wheels? His ying yang? What You Need About Accessorizing Computers?: We washed-out almost 3 hours trying to a customer of ours.. (@BigCobber) di and kimbo are "accessorizing" with real estate signs from the house for sale next door. di and kimbo are "accessorizing" with real estate signs from the house for sale next door. Accessorizing your head to toe camo and studded boots with a Bluetooth headset really kills the whole anarchy thing you were going for. Bright pink shoes, bright pink sunglasses and bright pink lipstick. This is not accessorizing. That's my kind of wheels (and accessorizing): I think my new hobby will be buying dolls and accessorizing them to look like me. I will display dozens of them in home & office. Men plainly do not understand the of accessorizing. I love that accessorizing is so impt @ blog conf! LOL stopping at target- anyone need anything? Forgot a brown purse. - accessorizing the Psych way - accessorizing the Psych way Modern Inspirations: Accessorizing in Contemporary Style Posted By : : With modern decor, or any style of decor,.. Emme's Top Tips for Accessorizing with Shoes & Handbags - Modern Inspirations: Accessorizing in Contemporary Style (Jeanelle Deppner) (source: With modern decor.. Accessorizing, a way to stay in budget w/o compromising style Modern Inspirations: Accessorizing in Contemporary Style Posted By : Jeanelle Deppner (source: EAS): With modern.. Any tips on accessorizing (check out the back)! Thinking gold but would love a unique idea. Cheers :-) the no accessorizing in baseball...there's no accessorizing in baseball! and mismatches are allowed GEEZ I am loving the Yor Health Gym bags!!! We can use it in multiple ways..gym clothes, product/supply bag, or just accessorizing YOR fashion! Check out One Lil' Snap: Make Accessorizing a Snap {Giveaway} at Bruise on fat bo selecta-face, accessorizing with shades & going out to conduct social experment to see how many sympathetic looks I get. It's probably better you don't know. That way, if she botches her ACCESSORIZING, you'll never know the difference. Jordana as Holly Golightly: Two and a half yrs old, and she's accessorizing. But she makes me SO happy. wooo crazy day of work, meetings, pulls, big meeting tomorrow plus a show im accessorizing. thank god i have ! That you have several possibilities for accessorizing your gold reminds me I bought watermelon yesterday to have for breakfast. An uncanny case of cullinary accessorizing :-) Mad Catz Street Fighter IV Controllers Round 2 [Accessorizing] Kotaku - Mad Catz Street Fighter IV Controllers Round 2 [Accessorizing] Mad Catz Street Fighter IV Controllers Round 2 [Accessorizing] [Kotaku] Mad Catz Street Fighter IV Controllers Round 2 [Accessorizing] World~ Mad Catz Street Fighter IV Controllers Round 2 [Accessorizing] [KO] Mad Catz Street Fighter IV Controllers Round 2 [Accessorizing] : Round One is over, and judging by the .. Mad Catz Street Fighter IV Controllers Round 2 [Accessorizing] : Round One is over, and judging by the amount of..
ok so bejeweled is really pissing me off right now :( Bejeweled here I come :( I just got a massive new score on Bejeweled, :D then got an email telling me that i didn't get a job. :( Stayed home to Watch What Not to Wear, my fav show, but its not on : ( I am watching Gangwars: Oakland instead & playing drinking bejeweled hey tapp, while you have nat there, see if you can get her to tell you what she does to cheat at bejeweled blitz! :P my addiction to bejeweled blitz has paid off.. finally got a score of 123,100 :P Yup. That works in bejeweled too. But I can never get the stupid coins out of teh bottom row. :( at least your not playing bejeweled or something might get diamond eyes :P i don't feel like sleeping :D playing bejeweled on facebook...i need more games to play :P I'm playing bejeweled boring until cannot take it : ( haha bejeweled in the comp lab for 3 hrs. good times. :P owned sean at Bejeweled :P Nuuu my bejeweled score iz g0ne. :-( i'm sorry? you were saying? i was playing bejeweled :P I was thinking about going to sleep early, but now I'm on facebook trying to beat Bejeweled score, AGAIN. lol :( lmaoooo that's y I don't twitpic often :(! I see a nigga wit bejeweled pradas u kno how bad I wanted to twitpic him :( Ahhhh they reset the bejeweled high scores :( Are all the websites acting wonky today? Not the bejeweled website, according to the guy next to me. But I cant send a Gmail to myself. :( Bejeweled gives me a hot temper :( I should go home now before I break his laptop lol definitely not for you - god created for people like uu :) _____ merci :P Bejeweled Blitz?? Isn't that like .... a girl's game? LOL! :P Bejeweled 2 trial version expired :( i'm ethel and i'm a bejeweled blitz addict :( Totally just beat your Bejeweled Blitz score. BOOYAH!!! Although I am still probably below your other music pals :P I've got my mother obsessed with Bejeweled 2 on MSN. She now bitches at me when she loses. Not my fault she's not fast enough :P
i neeed to do my freaking laundry :( fml Fuck, I hate when I'm in the middle of fixing my page on myspace and the internet stops working. FML. :( working on my dads truck with himmmmm fml :( so i have 3 options for today... hangout w/ brie :(, hangout w/ g-parents :( :(, orrr go for a walk in the terrifying woods... fml FML. School is taking a toll on me. :( tomorrow is monday :( fml. FML I hate the amount of reading involved in online courses :( FML. Now I have no one to go see with :( Doesn't feel good! :( FML! :( FML! I live in sf but I can't go because it's a school night.all morning I have been crying.I hate my mom :,( i know :( i cant believe my mom didn't even check her email or else i'd have my tickets already. FML omg i just tried on the sexiest dress ever but it was too expensive :( fml Flight delayed 2 hrs. FML. Back to the bar, I suppose :( I just wanna go hoooome! iPod just died... FML :( Ok, off to see judy then to do some work FML :( YES! Agree completely!! :P So here is the epcot rundown future world = fml. World showcase =<3<3<3 FML I drop my phone too much :( I think I sent a pic of my knee to everyone in my phonebook last night. Def fucked up my new shoes!! And scraped my toe, FML. :( no a7X with BRIAN :( fml lol I don't think I can explain in 140 chars how incredibly F'd I got in the last hour. FML :( I got scolded for talking and laughing on the phone! in my own room! FML :( Well FML on football today! Seriously. :( I'm ignoring it and sticking to Nascar. Fml. This day is going so slow :( how good does the chicken tikka dominoes pizza sound? FML that we do not have one :( I'm so gonna FAIL Mathssss... and I need at least a B grade to do Economics. Grrrrrrrrr :( FML What a day FML :( Um, the necklace broke. Fml :( In the library pretending 2 study. I know I'm missing a game! FML :( Goood morninggg! So much homework I got to do today. Fml :( I feel like &!?@(?!'...... Ugh. And I missed the race :( fml. Promos in 3days, how At least I'm done with math and 3/4 of geog revision. Maybe i shld drop chem & just focus on econs. FML :( yeeahh....studying and cleaning all day.. FML :( Promos in 3days, how At least I'm done with math and 3/4 of geog revision. Maybe i shld drop chem rev and focus on econs. FML :( cant watch the Ravens game.. :-( guess i gotta watch the eagles game... fml um, i have to do a whole SAT practice test today, fml. :( Studying... FML... Psychology anyone?!... didnt think so!! :( At work . Fml. Someone bring me food :( apparently I have to in the bible study..... No!!! Morning every1! Leavin 2take my aunt &uncle bk 2AC, there is a puddle on floor in back seat of my car, no windows open, FML :( FML. I want to cry :( i woke up with a sore throat, headache and a swollen wrist, not i get to do like 6 hours of homework... fml :( me to,, I'm bored, hungry an cold,, an still a lil sick :-( an where u goin jogin in da rain lol ugh i saw the househunting pics...fml! i dont want them moving away from texas :( mmm , I miss efrain :( hmph . I wanna go see him right now ! urg . I have to do stupid homework & get ready for a kids . fml Went through a box of tissues already, FML :( ugh fml WHY ARE MY ALLERGIES ALWAYS ATTACKING ME IN CONNECTICUT. I can't escape this shit. :( pretty sure i have a sinus infection, double ear infection, and toncils are swollen. fml :( My dad is having an affair :( fml urghh !!!!! i love fall, but hate sickness :( it's gonna be cold season soon .. FML
Doesn't everybody love it when you find money in your that you didn't know was there? Just found $20 and I feel good :D is emmure playing near here anytime soon, id jizz in meh pants if they were. :D I found a cute wittle catipiller crawling on my pants. He's (she's?) my new friend. :) panther pants with amanda :D They can NEVER be TOO soft :D My legs are way too soft.. I don't even like the feelin in these pants Aaawww my dad is so cute right now with his Hugo Boss pants and Dolce&Gabana belt. I taught him well :) But zebra-pants are freaking awesome! :D and I would then zeta you to put on your happy pants and chug a beer. :) if i met demi lovato or miley cyrus or the jonas brothers...thers a 75% chance i would pee my pants lol :P :D Going to the mallllllll.I need under armor.And pants.<3 :D fancies the pants off richard beese :) hey panzee pants :) Watchin da game jets all day baby :) jeez some of these guys look so cute in tight pants Liar liar...pants on FREAKIN' fire :D hehe. Im random. Bridezillas are nutballs(: I <33 that word...nutball....hehehehe. Mm did brandon flowers wear tight pants to church today :) yessss he did. Woah! I almost CRAPPER my pants! :) Puttin on the eating pants on.. Heading over to oz right now for some all u can eat Korean BBQ!!! :D I am wearing BEFORE pregnancy pants!!! And they're NOT tight :) "custom fridge"? Ohh la la aren't U just Miss Fancy Pants. : ) I can't wait for your show! :D Highlight of my week. Aghhhh. Teach me to look good in my nudey pants please. Mwahhhh! x isn't it nice? Main focus - pants. This is the best pants I could ask for srsly. the price I'm paying for. :D I forgot how much fun I have with all my girls! :) I danced my pants off last night ;) SO fun! :) Why do people call them "Assless Chaps"? Aren't all chaps assless? Like, wouldn't they just be leather pants otherwise? LMAO! His pants make it look big. :P But it's yummy, indeed :) Twenty to nothin at halftime GO RAVENS!! :) let's beat the brown outta the browns oh yeah and they're wearing brown pants hahahaha :D!! - I would tear those pants off! :) especially do werewolves wear pants? lol just teasing wel l8trs. ^_^ I have purple pants like Howard :D ... this lady at lowes foods has pants on with red flowers all over them :D damn selena gomez look hot in them tightass elastic black pants =) nothing beats messing around on the computer home alone, wearing a bra and pajama pants. :] and later, CHINESE FOOD! :D :/ im gonna watch it! :D :D :D :D :D :D there better be alot of gold pants moments lol. im totally gonna sing & dance along <3 The title track for the album is amazing 'Upside Down' just makes me want to dance my pants off!! This album is a sure hit :D has just discovered that I now have a 34'' waist, after all my 36'' pants kept falling off...Victory!! Next stop...32'' :) I don't think Fred Astaire or Gene Kelly wore pants...but maybe, ur on to something :) Hope you're feeling better! What's with all this Russell Howard hate! I <3 him and his radiator pants! :) haha wild things are in mah pants. ;D <== let em out then ! :D Hey thomas mark :) its melanie. "the girl who wants to get in your pants" hahaa wanna know what would be cool? sweat pants! like the bad ass baggy ones that are super warm and comfy! haha :) Has some "stretchy'' pants :D ... no probs pants, glad you like it :) Take off your pants and jacket :D yeah when I saw Avril there it sounded pants, just thought it was a one off :/ Wembleys more intimate then the O2 aswell :) i think you're right. we could pull down their pants and slap their butts. mmmm. =) i am happy pants :) and STRING :) !!! We watching SWTC at the beach? Yeah, youtube still rocking on :) Demi's WIZARD, lol! miss her so much! Even though I'm feeling pants I'm still gonna have my legendary bangers, cheesy mash and onion gravy for tea :) Awesome yet sad update: The size 34 waist pants I got on Monday are already too big for me. Woo Woo Woo, You KNOW it! :D :D :D :D pajama day tomorrow at school! haha might be wearin black sweat pants and sooome t with my group :) lol I realize that there's an Emmy somewhere in that picture, but I can't stop staring at those uber-cute Ducky pants... :) Friendship is like peeing your pants. Everyone can see it.... but only you get the warm feeling that it brings :)
Cheating my way through the harispicus on Pathologic-flying and invincibility make the game way less frustrating :)
A mammoth find immobilizes traffic. Tourism in Drenthe peaks. Are we on top of the beasts feet or the tusks. Pray tell! Anything inside that immobilizes me, gets in my way, keeps me from my goals, is all mine ~Wayne Dyer via So, have you ever felt like someone put out a cigaratte on your And it literally immobilizes you? Impressive double FAIL: grabbed wife's car keys instead of keys to the studio. Effectively immobilizes both of us. not if sylar immobilizes him with his telekinesis. And even if house does, sylar can heal. Ha ha. Games: Review:Need For Speed: Shift: A boot is the irritating metal claw that immobilizes cars; a reboot hopeful..
Working a hour day. That's what is powering me through. MY PHONE IS POWERING DOWN :( ... powering through. I think I now know all the diagnostic tests I need to. *bores everyone to death* yeep... The first one looked like you threw it... And it's now powering on at all? Or is the power supply just laughing at you? Video: Powering Up with Landfill Gas - Renewable Energy World Working a hour day. That's what is powering me through. that is one of my favorite beers as well. I describe as a complex, but not over powering ale. Fluer is similar w/ habiscus Working a hour day. That's what is powering me through. Steak sale at ralphs! Powering up so I can beat at pull ups. Is powering down my phone...don't feel like being bother. Playstation problems When powering up the ps3 can only see a wavy thick: When powering up t.. Cell battery low. Powering off. Catch yall later. I think I might have looked like a mantra crystal meth powering walking down to Airdrie Sprint powering all these fucking halftime but can't power sum fucking phone service 2 fixx drop calls <--i just had 3 Sprint powering all these fucking halftime but can't power sum fucking phone service 2 fixx drop calls gratuitous arp: by bob (Posted Sun Sep 27, 2009 12:50 pm)will you be powering down your equipment, unracking it.. Ok this is annoying I updated but now the app won't open. It crashes immediately after trying to open it even after powering off&on ISAF Update: Powering Obama-troops are doing Great- Send them more troops!#tcot Working a hour day. That's what is powering me through. Not getting to watch my Texans but heck of a run by Mark Sanchez even with him lowering his head and powering through Griffin Powering through is the skill I am working on now. Because without it, no one will ever see my craftiness. Powering through some banana walnut pancakes at Terrie's Place in Southie. Aussie dollar to prosper: THE powering Australian dollar is tipped to keep on strengthening, helpi.. is powering through this textured shawl in hopes of finishing today!! Rocking some Jeru the Damaja and powering through the styling of this Magento store, down to the checkout area now cadel evans has pulled away from the front and is powering down for the win If we'd figured out how to generate electricity from boogers, I could be powering the entire Atlantic seaboard. Lazy, lazy science. Aussie dollar to prosper: THE powering Australian dollar is tipped to keep on strengthening, helping some retai.. Scans Complete. Powering Main Systems POST Diags OK Program Updates Found. Dload...OK. Personality Profile increased to 3.84% CyCoSys Online Were you powering the boiler by treadmill as an alternate energy source? Ok, powering down the computer. Wish me luck with Mia, her butt, Grendel, and the market today. Wish me a poo-free sleeping or powering down cleanly should always do it powering (on and off) is so boring!!!!! Yes. After two blown motherboards and one blown monitor from one lightning strike. (Need to unplug them too after powering down.) And thats a months old 1TB Western Digital external drive powering up then powering down. Does anyone make a reliable external HD anymore? The guy who does the show after us didn't show up so we ended up powering down the station about 1:30 am 28,016! I've got a head cold but I'm powering on. I want to hit 30K so I can begin the proposal and edit. Have been editing as I go! Powering off........ powering off (-_-) <-wench signed off in my face? im H>:oTT (((((((((((((((((powering off)))))))))))))))))) Spotted at a kopitiam at geylang lor 14 - three ang moh ferrari fans in their red powering up before the race Powering down here at Sheer Brick. Thanks for the company, all y'all. I'll be back at this in the a.m. See you then. Cheers! Powering up with some Emergen-C before going to sleep. *clipping gear into the chargers, powering down to sleep mode and setting all access codes to lock down* just pulled a by exclaiming that she is powering up her supply. And by supply she means phone. the old model of powering journalism seems antiquated - i'm more for a non-profit model: Fantastic, our DirecTV TiVo unit locked up. Unplugged it (10 sec) & plugged back in & all it says is "Powering up..." Suggestions? Thanks. Took it out on the treadmill this morning. Thanks goes to Madonna for powering me on. Felt good. Powering through this book as though my life depended on it, which it doesn't. I am just really enjoying it. I am off the grid for the rest of the night, Will be back tomorrow Just want quiet time tonight. Reading and then to sleep.Powering down Now
Dodgeball on Film4 :D LMAO at "genetic disorders such as necrophilia" Yes I am immature :P
and i think if redbull had reliable engines instead of those crap renaults they would be in a better position now Wow, Toyota and the new Flavio sponsored Renaults looking at podium finishes. At least Flav will be getting value for money haven't seen many so far, especially on the Renaults... There is a HUGE ING banner over the track, just to rub it in Renaults face. One of the renaults has retired?! a cunning ploy to help alonzo win the race? you decide [Post]-The Inside Scoop on Renaults New Electric Cars... Brawn GP cars hav Canon sponsorship on sidepods this weekend. Reminds me of the Williams Renaults of the 1990s! Looking forward to the F1 night-race from Singapore. I hope neither of the Renaults crash *snigger* Oh and NASCAR tonight! Yahoo! :) Go Renaults ban.... Flavio's ban.... not good for Formula 1 at all!!! Renaults look bald as many sponsors have said good bye following this week's rulings! 1 lap with renaults' fernando alonso Renaults Grosjean crashes into same wall as Piquet Renaults place should be given to Skoda The sirens of Turn 17 at Singapore lure unsuspecting Renaults to their doom. Grrrrrjjjjnnn is no Odysseus, succumbing in FP1. If ING can make Renault peel off the ING stickers on e rear wings in just a few hrs, you can choose to scrap away your Renaults too! Haha.. Singapore F1 grandprix is in practice session 2.Renaults is in trouble though. Yes. Very interesting! Renaults future doesn't look flash. I see the Brawn GP cars now carry more livery than the Renaults. The sirens of Turn 17 at Singapore lure unsuspecting Renaults to their doom. Grrrrrjjjjnnn is no Odysseus, succumbing in FP1. Grosjean has gone off at turn 17, not that Renaults have any history there or anything... and the (cont) That Turn 17 wall seems to have a taste for Renaults thanks to Nelsinho. laughing at Renaults Grosjean doing a Piquet Jr. on the same corner in practice. Grosjean has gone off at turn 17, not that Renaults have any history there or anything... and the session is red flagged. Wow, Renaults really like that corner. The Renaults look way better without ING logos on. Hope Grosjean doesn't bin his... first Renaults without ING brnawding on the track (according to radio so who's Renaults new sponsors going to be? Think the Renaults are going to be rather barren this weekend... Lol, just heard this morning that all Renaults sponsors have withdrawn their contracts, effective immediately!! Oh oh....... So have seen the botak Renaults yet? maybe without ING sponsorship, the Renaults will be a little easier on the eye, but i guess they will remain orange a while longer. I hope that Renaults new sponsor (if they continue) will make the car look less ugly than ING did, too many non matching colors Renault suffer twin sponsor blow: Sponsors ING and Mutua Madrilena withdraw their backing of Renaults F1 team Wow the Renaults are going to look mighty bare without the ING logo on them. Doesn't the Canon sponsorship of Brawn instantly remind you of the Williams Renaults of old? But Renaults was just fine? Stupid Bernie Bernie says Briatore ban too harsh Spotted:models still in full Cavalli rock chick make-up, running in heels and jumping into chauffeured renaults to get to armani in time... Renaults lie, and sometimes they run over tents. Pic...The Renaults ,Singapore Bob Bell i front af Renaults F1-hold Renaults 2 year suspension....Thats not any punishment! They should loose points like all other teams would! [Post]Test-Driving Renaults All-Electric Car at the Motor Show... he shares something with Piquet... They both crashed Renaults! - Best present these Lego Ferraris. Sadly without cheating Renaults. Massa also still at wheel getting in an hours tonight,man oh man i must love these renaults. Its the equivalent of Schumi parking it at Monaco tbh. 10 place grid penalty for the Renaults next race was all that was needed Two years may not be much from where we stand, however, the implications from Renaults stand point are far longer! yeah Renaults crap don't you think? waking the dead. Or as it could be called, Renaults title hopes
i have decided i want three of these babies our babies will be be rivals in the music industry.. yawn. new day. new people. new rivals. new friends. idk what else. oh yea. everyday i stay at the top of them all ... Pretenders march on as rivals flounder: While Real Madrid CF, FC Barcelona and Manchester United FC continue to.. Cavs Corner (Rivals) >> Foose lists seven favorites Orange Bloods (Rivals) >> The grades are in - UTEP Card nba rivals...ima a WIZARD..ur a CELTIC... Mixed for London rivals as Spurs were rampant and Chelsea stuttered. What was the highlight of the wee.. Irish Illustrated (Rivals) >> The Jimmy Clausen experience (rivals) It's official: Hightower out for season An MRI on his left knee confirmed ligame.. Two more great dive today. Boynton Beach diving rivals most of what I have seen in the Caribbean. Will be posting photos in the next few day Bama Online (Rivals) >> Mosley stops by for Tide win Even the best of friends can be rivals ;) Bama Online (Rivals) >> It's official: Hightower out for season WHOO!!!!!!!!!!! DA NY YANKEES WON THE AL EAST DIVISION SERIES VS. DA RED SOX (THEIR ARCH-RIVALS) WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ... Mixed for London rivals as Spurs were rampant and Chelsea stuttered. What was the highlight of the wee.. WHOO!!!!!!!!!!! DA NY YANKEES WON THE AL EAST DIVISION SERIES VS. DA RED SOX (THEIR ARCH-RIVALS) WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!! Tribalfootball football: Mixed for London rivals as Spurs were rampant and Chelsea stuttered. What was the Coug Zone (Rivals) >> Oregon Ends Cougars' Win Streak news... Pretenders march on as rivals flounder: While Real Madrid CF, FC Barce.. USC Football (Rivals) >> Video: Demetrius Wright Spotlight I uploaded a YouTube video -- Urban Rivals-Da Best Collection Rivals May Challenge RIM For Market Share - RedOrbit Rivals May Challenge RIM For Market Share - RedOrbit Awww thanks! :) Wait! Don't try & be sweet now! We are rivals remember?! Haha UGA (Rivals) >> Richt wants improvement from OL UGA (Rivals) >> Rivals250 OT makes return to Athens Bama Online (Rivals) >> It's official: Hightower out for season Bama Online (Rivals) >> Mosley stops by for Tide win Badger Blitz (Rivals) >> Wisconsin still in the race after official? Huskers Illustrated (Rivals) >> likes he sees at NU Jackets Online (Rivals) >> Paul Johnson Sunday Teleconference Notes Pretenders march on as rivals flounder: While Real Madrid CF, FC Barcelona and Manchester United FC continue to breeze a DVD Review: Rivals of Sherlock Holmes- Since Sherlock is Marcia Brady, meet various versions of Jan in Victorian series cardinals face division rivals, remaining games ASU Devils (Rivals) >> Offensive Card: Georgia am worried my trade rivals are going to a blog. been hearing murmurs for shall we call them (G) & (P) gotta talk them out of it xx what you think about these Cassette Playa x Nike Dunk High Premium - Rivals Pack (@BiggHomie)whoaa fire!!! Orange and Blue News (Rivals) >> Foose lists seven favorites From the 'everyone but me already knew that' files, Boulder CO's tech worker population rivals that of the Valley. New blog post: Cassette Playa x Nike Dunk High Premium - Rivals Pack How does that make sense? If you are the fan of team, you want their division rivals to fail... From the 'everyone but me already knows that', Boulder CO's per capita tech worker population rivals that of the Valley. UConn (Rivals) >> New Syracuse verbal speaks out Rivals of the East: Battle for batik jamming with Boyce Avenue's rivals... totally loving it! Pretenders march on as rivals flounder: While Real Madrid CF, FC Barcelona and Manchester United FC continue to..
i don't know. someone mentioned a worm/virus thingy attacking DM earlier this week...don't know if there's a conection... Armageddon. are you alright? are the zombies attacking yet? is johanna attacking you? should I authorities? Attacking me like that doesn't help your cause. Flying monkey out for starbucks. Attacking chapter 12 in a minute Back from a walk along the marsh w/ Carolina where Katie and Will terrified me with tales of attacking alligators. lol see what you done did you got the whole twitter attacking you now so u cnt do nothing but return the love Bill Clinton Affirms To NBC That "Vast Right Wing Conspiracy" Is Attacking Obama wow, even filipinos from the us are attacking that jacque bermejo My bad - I jumped the gun - I thought TV3 was attacking him :-) LITERALLY attacking this jr.whopper and fries....call me kkk Guys, the Upper Deck of 140 'is ready! i'm Attacking Flybridge ... PRODUCTIVITY TIP: by attacking highest friction tasks first, then ones | In this explains why Jiang Qing went so nuts when she finally got to be a public figure (esp. attacking Wang Guangmei). Playing Ninja Gaiden II killing demonic werewolves, they're attacking from every angle and there's no end t ... attacking someone with facts is not all over the place 1) no big plays 2) D Line stopped the run 3) Millen has terrible hair plugs im attacking the swear bot''...this is classic. China back IR so I don't think USA cud lose China by pissing it off with attacking Iran I feel like football is just a bunch of cougars attacking eachother found the doggie ..she was attacking a skunk.. Kenku are attacking our caravan! Gah! Tenacious beasts are after our Ding Dongs and HoHos! My littler cousin is attacking his sister. Haha first coat of red done, waiting for it to dry completely before attacking the second coat and then the black. Should moving furniture. I love finding out that someone you once cared is attacking you online. It's all good, guys. I'm over it. Don't worry. ;) Obama has demonstrated he is inept & arrogant by attacking CIA. Obama & his Thugs r making USA look like a banana republic random added me and now im attacking the, Wouldn't it be just amazing/wonderful if Congress went after Wall Street execs with a 10th of the zeal with which they are attacking ACORN? Cadel showed the nay-sayers a thing or two today. He can win a big one and he did it by attacking. No wheel sucking today. Good on U, Cadel Obama has demonstrated he is inept & arrogant by attacking CIA. Obama & his Thugs r making USA look like a banana republic Clinton Tells NBC That "Vast Right Wing Conspiracy" Attacking Obama // I believe him! PRODUCTIVITY TIP: by attacking highest friction tasks first, then ones | consider it all praise that Satan is attacking; must mean you are up 2 sumthing GOOD! Clinton Tells NBC That "Vast Right Wing Conspiracy" Attacking Obama //They were right about Whitewater. didn't enjoy toccata and fugue by wayne marshall? rather dracula attacking kind of music. Clinton Tells NBC That "Vast Right Wing Conspiracy" Attacking Obama Thing is, will Obama actually try to stop Israel from attacking Iran? Israel is on it' s own, no friends, so no reason to stop. cuz u keep attacking spanish girls lol What should he get to prevent boarders, possibly attacking at night, that's going to handle marine life? damn they are attacking T.O. up there. I would of gone off. Thats freaking annoying. They just want him to attack the QB - love attacking So what policies were passed today at Labour conf? > Here she goes again. Attacking the bedfellows that put her in gov't! Bill Clinton Affirms To NBC That "Vast Right Wing Conspiracy" Is Attacking Obama | AlterNet You attacking Recorded For Training Purposes? My hair needs to stop attacking my face and stop falling on my arms and tricking me into thinking its a spider! Why can't people stop attacking Gordon Brown - do they have nothing else better to do? going home, attacking saydi when we go to take titi eve homee. lmao. jenn is my BESTFRIEND(: ... THANKXZ BOO N YEA GLAD DATZ OVER all the people attacking u! Your hair looks Nice by the way:-) all the people attacking u! Your hair looks Nice by the way:-)
West Coast Classic Basketball at the Olympic Oval in Richmon via Digg Was d UP Oval, esp sunken garden &d lagoon, flooded Saturday? Wondering if d residential areas circling it were hit too. Anyone? so bored. teacher making me walk laps around the oval. me. Helena Voigt Silver Oval Larimar Filigree Pendant ~ ~ hallmarked on the back comes with TYCO ELECTRONICS RELEASES OVAL HEAT-SHRINK CABLE MARKER SLEEVE: The semi-flattened oval shape of the new TTMS-M.. : good running!! Best wishes for next race.awaiting 1st oval win. Have fun. Enjoy what you do:) OVAL DINING TABLE- minus legs (STANWOOD): FREE Table. Oval shaped, dark brown formica/laminate. Includes two le.. Rode over the Canada Line bridge to Richmond and checked out the new Olympic Oval. Pretty sweet. 3A Racing 62-1105 Stainless Exhaust Tip Oval 1-3/4" - 2" Balmain Tigers make it to the NSW Cup final after a win over the Sydney Bears at Leichhardt Oval! Talk about turning back the clock 3A Racing 62-1105 Stainless Exhaust Tip Oval 1-3/4" - 2" HELP: SOFIA (2yrs) & AUDREY SAN AGUSTIN (epileptic,). 37 Oval Ave, Mabuhay Subd,Marietta Romeo Vill,Pasig. Last contact yest Kalvin Catlin 6c Winning Race United Arizona Raceway Factory Stock Oval Track Racing Main Event Winner ... I guarantee it. I think he's Oval-phobic. He refuses to go to his office. 3A Racing 62-1105 Stainless Exhaust Tip Oval 1-3/4" - 2" of course you're not in adelaide TODAY of all days playing charity footy at adelaide oval tonight. UGH. Freeze oval lemon drives. Ah oval is clearing in 5min, might as well wait. 3A Racing 62-1105 Stainless Exhaust Tip Oval 1-3/4" - 2" 3A Racing 62-1105 Stainless Exhaust Tip Oval 1-3/4" - 2" Damnit, can't do sprints, oval is full of kids. 3A Racing 62-1105 Stainless Exhaust Tip Oval 1-3/4" - 2" 3A Racing 62-1105 Stainless Exhaust Tip Oval 1-3/4" - 2" 3A Racing 62-1105 Stainless Exhaust Tip Oval 1-3/4" - 2" 3A Racing 62-1105 Stainless Exhaust Tip Oval 1-3/4" - 2" 3A Racing 62-1105 Stainless Exhaust Tip Oval 1-3/4" - 2" New Arrivals: Makuti - Kimana - Diamond Oval Stainless Steel Cuff Bracelet PUR CR-6000C 2-Stage Oval Water Pitcher with LED Indicator 3A Racing 62-1105 Stainless Exhaust Tip Oval 1-3/4" - 2" Pair of Oval Carnelian...ONLY $3... Crocheted an oval rag rug today, using approximately 7 yards of stash fabric. Very interesting...anyway just got back from the West Wing of the White House...saw the situation room&the oval office. I still have chills! 3A Racing 62-1105 Stainless Exhaust Tip Oval 1-3/4" - 2" Open Oval Shell Earrings 3A Racing 62-1105 Stainless Exhaust Tip Oval 1-3/4" - 2" 3A Racing 62-1105 Stainless Exhaust Tip Oval 1-3/4" - 2" Order status, oval-faced! fresh call me sayin "u wanna play football in the oval? We been playin every week". Datz flakey right My bro bout 2 go play tackle football N the oval . . Nigga kno he washed but he indenial<< STFU GNR how u kno Bout the oval lol OuT to the oVal FootBaLll After The Cleveland Show go off, I'm playin football in the oval Soaking up some sun on the oval, reading a magazine and waiting for Tayla's exam to finish.
ok, lollygagged enough. now for Classilla patche again. My boy has flu symptoms. I lollygagged on getn the flu shot
Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books Got tadpoles? Submit your fave aquarium to TravelingMom and win and Friends books. Got tadpoles? Submit your fave aquarium to TravelingMom and win and Friends books. Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books I got a million thoughts swimming through my head right now like tadpoles Got tadpoles? Submit your fave aquarium to TravelingMom and win and Friends books. Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books alice has tadpoles they need pond water I am taking a litre to our girls night at finezz Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books well...have to admit the parc wasnt THAT depressing ^^ saw some tadpoles, and thats always good :D I saw some huge tadpoles in France. Turned out they were just frogs whose pond happened to be near a restaurant. I rescued the tadpoles from a truck well at work that was fixing to be drained, &brought them home. Small things can make a big difference! Good morning glories, I love Sunday mornings...so peaceful! I've already fed the fish and birds...grandkids excited...watching tadpoles grow Got tadpoles? Submit your fave aquarium to TravelingMom and win and Friends books. Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books What is that crazy avatar, man? Looks like tadpoles in a jar! Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books Watch out for tadpoles! Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books Got tadpoles? Submit your fave aquarium to TravelingMom and win and Friends books. Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books Got tadpoles? Submit your fave aquarium to TravelingMom and win and Friends books. It would match my hat! Hrm, it would also be great for Area 51 socks or tadpoles. Now the tadpoles are dancing to the music. watchn eggs n tadpoles eat algae...yep...its fascinatin Aren't those tadpoles? They have eyes. Got tadpoles? Submit your fave aquarium to TravelingMom and win and Friends books. Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books Whenever I look at rain hitting and running to the sides of the windsheild, I think of either tadpoles or sperm. Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books Got tadpoles? Submit your fave aquarium to TravelingMom and win and Friends books. What do drinking copiously on an empty stomach and sucking tadpoles up through your nose have in common? Both very bad ideas. New Blog post Tadpoles Basics 2 pc. Fitted Crib Sheet Set Blue Gingham ... Got tadpoles? Submit your fave aquarium to TravelingMom and win and Friends books. Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books I know my TRUE friends today Aly, Taryn, Vicky, Andii, and my doggy <33 theres others but these are my main rad tadpoles <3 Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books Tadpoles rock! Tell us your fave aquarium and you can win a set of and friends books Got tadpoles? Submit your fave aquarium to TravelingMom and win and Friends books. according to this site i found, you should just be sticking with pinkies...we fed our small snakes tadpoles and feeder fish lol..
ex: combination spatula/compass - always know if your eggs are truly sunny side up! my top r: KA mixer, whisk, spatula, 8" shun knife, cast iron skillet, staub cocotte, immersion blender, microplane, wooden sp, metal bowl. Mmhmmm. I believe ya, really I do. You like the spatula bettah, yes? *giggles* cool. In the kitchen I'm thinking an apron and a spatula. Living room hair tied sweat pants, bedroom n pan Apparently I am too strong to bake cookies. RIP blue Spatula. :( I'd say my purple silicone spatula, pink paring knife, immersion blender, and my le cruset dutch oven (which I thrifted). Accidentally dropped spatula with peanut butter cookie dough on the floor. Dog VERY excited to lick up dough residue! Thats nothing. You should see me with a spatula, a mixer, and two buckets of I Can't Believe It's Not Butter. This year' wish: non sticky cooking pan with its spatula :) I find the spatula to be a severely underrated kitchen utensil... It's a caramel cream cheese icing. I used an icing spatula to make those little peaks. Pretty, huh? & I can't eat it. I might go the whole hog and get my spatula. We'd be signed asap. 's spatula disintegrated into her cookie dough. Result: exceptionally chewy cookies. Sur La Table, here I come. my son's X-men power is that a spatula comes out of his wrist. I can fling peanuts at will. i think i can take him Spatula that reads, "Hot Wings" Hahaha. Erin. TATUNG Stainless Steel Direct Heat Rice Cooker $25 at Newegg: Includes steam tray, spatula, holder, measuring c.. what is up my fellow spatula? Dance to forget ya ibne Kid Spatula - [Electronic breaks] its hella hot outside, i should try making eggs on the black top w/ OIL FOIL & TWO EGGS :D OOH & a spatula of couurse ahaa hahahahaha! I bet someone will. And yeah I'm gonna take my camera and get him to sign a spatula. Measures 11-1/2 by 9 by 7-1/4-inch; 1-year limited warranty.Measuring cup, nonstick rice spatula, and spatula holder i New Blog post Zoj ... Using the 2 spatula method seems to help. Outset QT12 Stella Stainless Steel Flexible Griddle Spatula Plastic. I think I need a silicon spatula. That shouldn't happen - I assume the pan wasn't cheap. Try a wooden spatula. What utensil(s) can I use on a nonstick pan? My regular plastic spatula is scratching the coating <- Featherduster? LOL Kid Spatula - [Electronic breaks] Damn, what utensil(s) can I use on a nonstick pan? My regular plastic spatula is scratching the coating :( favorited a lol 'put down the spatula and step away from the vanity' We're all out of spatulas! there's no Spatula City in Eugene... I think they brought a rubber spatula actually. Anybody need a spatula? what would you like for breakfast? *puts on chefs hat* *picks up pan and spatula* Just bought a dracula spatula. Outset QT12 Stella Stainless Steel Flexible Griddle Spatula Outset QT12 Stella Stainless Steel Flexible Griddle Spatula Things your son says that get your attention: "Look daddy, I've got a sword!" It was a spatula. Relieved. Outset QT12 Stella Stainless Steel Flexible Griddle Spatula Outset QT12 Stella Stainless Steel Flexible Griddle Spatula Outset QT12 Stella Stainless Steel Flexible Griddle Spatula Outset QT12 Stella Stainless Steel Flexible Griddle Spatula Outset QT12 Stella Stainless Steel Flexible Griddle Spatula Outset QT12 Stella Stainless Steel Flexible Griddle Spatula Outset QT12 Stella Stainless Steel Flexible Griddle Spatula Imagining flipping big eggs with a huge spatula....don't tip over lil quoinker Outset QT12 Stella Stainless Steel Flexible Griddle Spatula Outset QT12 Stella Stainless Steel Flexible Griddle Spatula Back from Jamie's house for his bday. Me, dovey n jamie had bbq ;) Watched jamie get hit with a spatula lol I should have been using the metal spatula all along The mouthbreathing, cum-gargling, socket-sucking, spatula-fucking, spooge-bubble, methhead, is now ten minutes late, & hasn't called, yet.
NEW: Halloween Owl Perched On A Bare Branch In Fr... [Royalty-Free (RF), Stock Illustrations, Clip Graph.. and my personal favorite--(678): His dick was so small it sat perched on top of his balls like it was king of his scrotum. and my personal favorite--(678): His dick was so small it sat perched on top of his balls like it was king of his scrotum. wala na, although things are still perched up. everything's dry na. back to normal, i guess. everything's just, uhm...high. lol My phone is dead, sorry. You'll be fine. Victory is a fine bird of prey, perched on your shoulders, ready to strike at will! soooo Ive just renamed the dog Parakeet Jack bc he be perched lol Eagle perched near its nest no it perched on my car and listened to NPR with me. We are not at our best when perched at the summit; we are climbers, at our best when the way is steep. -- John W. Gardner (678): His dick was so small it sat perched on top of his balls like it was king of his scrotum. Panama News - Panama: so much more than hats and a canal, pt.6: Perched on the Panama.. Panama: so much more than hats and a canal, pt.6: Perched on the Panama Canal, along the shore of .. Saiwe was preening on the cagetop. Then I set the teapot on the table. Now he is perched on my arm waiting for me to pour. - Herron perched to sight Kokanee on Mission Creek.jpg squirrel looking down / perched safely in the treetop / dog is now distressed -- My mother just went ham on the stove! So I'm perched... The simple fact that the Skins lost to a franchise that has made those mistakes is why i'm perched up here for a long time. yep! Perched in the front window. Say hi! NEW: Autumn Bird Perched On A Branch With Berries - [Royalty-Free (RF), Stock Illustrations, Clip Graphics] earlier on mentioned said fly perched on my laptop.Its dead yes dead I killed it with my own fair hand.There's to many flies in the country Diet-Pill-Online. CHICAGO -- Less than a week after the boobirds perched at New York's Lincoln.. Lyric Opera Opens Season With Glowing "Tosca": Less than a week after the boobirds perched at New York's Linco (678): His dick was so small it sat perched on top of his balls like it was king of his scrotum. Both are BEAUTIFUL! Kuwait Hilton's much nicer than where we perched in Cabo, but Cabo was much more fun, crazy, - Look at the hand casually perched behind her head lol His dick was so small it sat perched on top of his balls like it was king of his scrotum. Perched on the side of Wilson Library steps. I feel like a gargoyle. (678): His dick was so small it sat perched on top of his balls like it was king of his scrotum. Remind me to always have my camera with me! Relaxing on the patio, a mockingbird perched on the fence just 10 feet away! Mum just saw a bobcat perched on a rock in the Zen garden in her backyard, hunting for squirrels in the forest beyond. Perched on the edge of something; afraid to take the plunge. Experience teaches that if I don't take the plunge, Fate may very well push me! i love living in sf. just saw somme guy walking his cocatoo (sp?) which was perched o his hand. and that is prolly not the strangest th ... Perched atop Primrose Hill with friends, new and old. Today is all made of win :) Lyric Opera opens season with glowing ``Tosca'': CHICAGO (AP) - Less than a week after the boobirds perched at New York' Came down this am to find parrot perched on bar stool, poop all on the floor, her trying to chew on the kitchen island. Daughter let her... My house's perched pretty high up the road so no damage at all. My tita a few houses down had her home filled to the 2nd floor. :( With Trafficant .. he pays someone I am sure to "fix" that hair.. kinda looks like a raccoon perched on his head. A bluejay just perched on a maple branch and cracked a peanut shell with pointy beak while grasping it with toes, and ate the peanuts. gonna crack open a bottle and stare at the fly perched on laptop country living eh... Got a furry four legged creature perched on my shoulder.... Mr B has his brown Fatboy and is perched watching some crap film on Sky - get me outta here! They perched on their stilts pointing and daring me to break custom. Taken from Eastwood Condominium, looking at people who are perched on top of their homes waiting for rescue. ... I sit perched and have so for years. Kinda like Smeagol. See, I got ya with that one. Dude, a perched reading monkey wearing glasses named What's not to love?! I kind of love this: It's a sundae bowl with ceramic foxes perched on the edge.
any hints on something you're singing this week? solos? music? :D aw let's skip formalities, will you marry me? I'm 21 years old, love guitar solos, random facts, and dogs, oh and I am 5'9" :) Hahaha yesss voice weight. XDD Who else got solos? :D Cool! Do you have a link, so I can play even worse guitar solos? :-) Wailing out a guitar solo! :D Speaking of guitar solos. What song has an awesome guitar solo you recommend? we should do them 'nice&slow' LOL! Is it only me or every BB song has a hidden meaning to it?!LOL!Even solos :D LOL!
Now McWane, 3:30 to see Cerebella mine/Wingard's film. Then sneaking out to Inerplanetary 4:15 @ Carver Off to Sidewalk! Alabama block, Crude, Cerebella (playing before St Nick), Interplanetary, and ??? Hit me up if you're coming on down Cerebella sitting on the totem timeline, unwelcome foreign hands are very hard to find
Nah, you're right, I don't: lol, don't strain your charitableness. clearly you haven't got much to spare. lol, don't strain your charitableness. clearly you haven't got much to spare.
I favorited a YouTube video -- Raja Kaduwa 27 09 2009 01 I favorited a YouTube video -- Raja Kaduwa 27 09 2009 02 aacPlus/mp4 turning to music to pass my celu. A song I regret mega and a half. LA RAJA! # fb Asian Stocks Decline on US Economy Concern, Yen Appreciation: By Masaki Kondo and Shani Raja Sept. 28 (Bloomber.. I favorited a YouTube video -- Raja Sabawa 01 Just rode Raja with Amy on Owen and had a blast! Now more calc homework and piano practicing! I favorited a YouTube video -- Raja Sabawa 02 Yoga Thoughts: Raja Yoga, compiled in the Yoga Sutras of Patanjali, & known as yoga in the context of Hindu philosophy & Samkhya tradition. Yoga Thoughts: Major branches of yoga in Hindu philosophy include Raja Yoga, Karma Yoga, Jnana Yoga, Bhakti Yoga, and Hatha Yoga. MOVIES N HACKS- Full Fast Free Downloads: Raja Babu (1994) Dvd Rip ... jugar al ringring raja! Watching Tamil Movie Apoorva Sahotharagal ... My all time favourite movie..........In Hindi it is Appu Raja......... BTW Big up to Raja Felgata for her words of wisdom...Go get'em girl.. lol..Its Something me and raja say! is my profile Looking good? Raja Felgata is tha shit! Wat een spokenword performance!! Publiceren schat en snel! something bout Raja Bell that urks me.. Kobe beef aside never liked him Laker Fans how would u feel about a Raja Bell trade? raja bell fo who? =O fuck raja smell sorry ass dude who shoots 300 threes a game. No not a good trade. no..absolutely not. F Raja Bell. Raja's all day errday?? Pazhassi Raja Movie Latest photo Gallery First On Net via Which reminds me of the Blue Raja's best line in Mystery Men: What the fork! With the recent news of Raja Bell being available and the surrounding Delonte West, any chance Cavs take a look? With the recent news of Raja Bell being available and the surrounding Delonte West, any chance Cavs take a look? 19:00 Weekend Mirpuri: Music and in Mirpuri with Saima Amreen sitting in for Changis Raja. "#melodiasdomingueras Total eclipse of the ..."bonnie taylor la raja FoDP to help strengthen democracy, economy: Farzana Raja - Associated Press of Pakistan --- if i get a declawed pet tiger cub. im naming him Raja. Me LOL Raja Grrrr he's at pallikaranai "5 km from velachery", it's a small world Bloody shame on the red caps, the green caps, the Proff, the Raja the Bragtas....... SHAME..... BLOODY HELL SHAME.... !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Umar Raja accepted your friend request. Since he's new to Facebook, you should suggest people he knows. Pazhassi Raja Movie Gallery - Updated Raja chatting is comming 2 midnight chat! Siapa nama Raja RocknRoll yg juga Ratu Dangdut?? and the answer is "Elvis Sukaesih",, wkwkwk Dngn tembang "your come" aka "kedatanganmu" :D Holiday Trip to Raja Ampat or Bunaken! Great coral reef inside and ready to be muse! Photo twitter lo birahi abis cin! Najis hari ini Hanif jd tuan raja dirumah gw. enak yeee. hmmmm Abid Raja I uploaded a YouTube video -- RAJA KADUWA 27 09 2009 = 3 I uploaded a YouTube video -- RAJA KADUWA - 27-09-2009 = 1 I uploaded a YouTube video -- RAJA KADUWA 27 09 2009 = 2 Pazhassi Raja Official website is a major - (via
Today i hawed good time with friends but Vytautas haved big trauma :/. I said he was god, you hemmed and hawed about that, and then we find out he's always listening. I hemmed. I hawed. I chose master cleanse no more! I officially joined the gym today. asked hubby whether he thinks i'm fashionable or a fashion victim. he hemmed and hawed and finally said, you're definitely IN fashion.
haha I had to get some ranting out of my system. His hypocrisy is mindblowing organizations heures, or prostitutes, they will soon be called to account for thier hypocrisy, thought you'd like that Al Sharpton and the WWE - A RAW Hypocrisy - so they like Obama but still think country is heading in wrong direction? lol Oh the irony! LOL Brilliant - Dan Bull takes on Lily Allen's hypocrisy Oh the irony! LOL Brilliant - Dan Bull takes on Lily Allen's hypocrisy Brilliant - Dan Bull takes on Lily Allen's hypocrisy The hypocricy of Michael Moore is astounding. His movie will make tons of $$ BECAUSE OF CAPITALISM <-typical lib hypocrisy you can thank capitalism for all the money you have. Haha you liberals and your hypocrisy Celebrity Hypocrisy: Should millionaire celebrities lecture health insurance executives?[0:01:34] ... as it was.. Deeds 1999 It's sad that Mr. Collins has to to bigotry and hate-mongering Oh the hypocrisy! McDonnell scumbag Polanski shows the hypocrisy of the rich n' famous left. At least he has been out of US since he fled. Obama pardon? I'm SO sorry. The hypocrisy being played out from that STUPID hate site is just mind boggling. She needs to take it down! well that is the damn funniest definition of a liberal that I have every read :) But the wisdom frm above is 1st pure, then peaceable, gentle, reasonable, full of mercy & good fruits, unwavering w/o hypocrisy-James 3:17 G20 Hypocrisy Obama comments on anarchists & calls them mostly peaceful at G20 G20 Hypocrisy I AM CHILLED NOW... AS GOD IS MY WITNESS, I GAVE THEM WARNING TO ABANDON ME OR ACCEPT ME WITHOUT HYPOCRISY, NOW IF THEY CONTINUE, THEY FRY wen big ppl talk bout other big ppl as if they not bigg 2...stop the hypocrisy<--dats rite, stop it!! Deeds 1990 It's sad that Mr. Collins has to to bigotry and hate-mongering Oh the hypocrisy! McDonnell wen big ppl talk bout other big ppl as if they not bigg 2...stop the hypocrisy (...) your hypocrisy. George Carlin calls out Conservative Hypocrisy on - from Crooks and Liars I wonder if the name callers will not accept a dime of Medicare nor Social Security when the time comes? Never, y ruin the hypocrisy. She fxckd me for dinner and ate me for breakfast-- oh but u can say ish like that?? I get sooo played lol (via hypocrisy lol BayTSP DDoS a BT tracker: (BayTSP Hypocrisy, anyone... and keep in mind that any type of DDoS is illegal) Lowry: "we are experiencing a festival of liberal hypocrisy on the Afghan war." Yep. Lowry: "we are experiencing a festival of liberal hypocrisy on the Afghan war..." yep. *Heroes (prays away his spelling hypocrisy) Utility companies, tired of all the hypocrisy, quitting the US Chamber of Commerce [aka The US Echo Chamber of .. seconds to hypocrisy, hedonism, arrogancy, show-off people and dress-to-kill girls. CollegeYUCK seconds to hypocrisy, hedonism, arrogancy, show-off people and dress-to-kill girls. YUCK what hypocrisy would you like to rub it in? | w McCain voter thinking he has a point abt US leaving Iraq. You say get a life but you've talked about football and dexters lab today. Both of which are on TV. A little hypocrisy anyone? sanctity, hypocrisy. I got arrested for buying some knock-off Oakleys with a counterfeit $20. THAT is fucking hypocrisy. True must reject what's provided by though Otherwise just Yes, I realize the hypocrisy in being offended to audition for an Asian manicurist role, then disappointed when I didn't book it. not to unshield or disarm, but to say were considering it in order to tease the hypocrisy into the light of day theblogprof - MI Dem Chair Mark Brewer Goes Off The Deep End Of Hypocrisy: If there were an .. i'm too young to be taken seriously, but i'm too old to believe all this hypocrisy... ~runaway by p!nk MI Dem Chair Mark Brewer Goes Off The Deep End Of Hypocrisy On praising presidents and conservative hypocrisy. via Liberalism and Hypocrisy Joined at the Hip! Liberalism and Hypocrisy Joined at the Hip! Liberalism and Hypocrisy Joined at the Hip! Why the media is not investigating, the against
Is trying to keep his hands of the scrotal zone while at work. Nice tweet about you dribbling scrotal sac not sure i want to know what of the chicken that came from. it looks suspiciously scrotal its fixed they're obviously cloned from louis walsh's scrotal cells Dog walked. Back to bed with tea, twitter and Tim Van Eyken. And a blog post about occupational scrotal cancer in chimney sweeps. Bliss. Nice tweets BomDiqityBree, you sorry excuse for a scrotal sac Nice tweets janerevevalin, you work-shy scrotal sac orchitis - inflammation of testicles (uncommon) syms:pain in scrotum or testicle, scrotal swelling, swollen testicle, vomiting. info @ ... Cyberren you pestilent scrotal sack Nice tweets NestPG, you cat-shagging scrotal sac Nice tweet about Conan O'Brien, you dribbling scrotal sac Nice tweets AlexxRusso, you womb-chunk eating scrotal sac Nice tweets SellyNDemi4evaa, you deep-throating deep-throating scrotal sac I'm thinking about a new blog for rants and raves. I'm going to call it "Scrotal Whaddaya think? Why aren't we nuts over latest terror plot? RudePundit splains: "The Bush admin was ... 1 prolonged scrotal infusion." Note: guy w/ scrotal edema, cut his scrotum, blood "shot across the room." There's your visual imagery for the evening. Nice tweet about Paranormal Activity, you bed-wetting scrotal sac Do you think that scrotal prints are unique like fingerpints? Am thinking of doing blog post on scrotal cancer in chimney sweeps: sooty Too strong? My cupcakes using 1/2 sorghum & rice flour 1/2 starches keep shrinking. Any ideas how to maintain shape and not getting scrotal? "you foul-smelling metrosexual scrotal sac" --- OK has some nice ones. ngl Stephen Nolan is a big, fat, egotistical, manipulative scrotal sac. Preyin on the old, weak, destitute, ignorant and idiotic Nice tweet about Grey's Anatomy, you foul-smelling metrosexual scrotal sac I feel like scrotal skin would burn really easily, do they make special sensitive-skin sunscreen? Nice tweets IAmAubrian, you transexual scrotal sac Facebook Awesomesauce by scrotal: It's too awesome for words. Nice tweet about you motherfucking scrotal sac Nice tweets aZZlikewowzer, you geeky shit-eating hairy-arsed old scrotal sac I can't wait for BALLZ Tuesday. Bring on the scrotal hair, bro! Nice tweets loadeddice, you diseased diseased scrotal sac Nice tweet about Jay-Z, you white-haired ugly scrotal sac Nice tweets becckss, you work-shy scrotal sac I like the idea of "galloping scrotal fungus". As though it might grow into the form of a horse and carry you around. They sent me gobbledegook about "tests" & "urgent treatment" & "galloping scrotal fungus" but all I wanted was a call or a card. Nice tweet about AT&T, you decrepit foul-smelling post-op cretinous scrotal sac Nice tweet about you decrepit scrotal sac scotal hematoma r we supposed to safely observe a scrotal hematoma or do a s Another! This is going to run and run, isn't it? Nice tweets revolutioninme, you cretinous scrotal sac Nice tweets revolutioninme, you cretinous scrotal sac Listening to The Dead Weather for the first time on they are very good. My scrotal hair hair is curling in approval. News Flash! There are such things as devices for scrotal Literary muti! "We have the scrotal treasures of the mad Englishman! We will eat them and rule cyberspace!" Literary muti! "We have the scrotal treasures of the mad Englishman! We will eat them and rule cyberspace!" Primary Scrotal Melanoma Presenting as a Large, Amelanotic ... - Archives.. Primary Scrotal Melanoma Presenting as a Large, Amelanotic ... - Archives of Dermatology: Primary .. Primary Scrotal Melanoma Presenting as a Large, Amelanotic ... - Archives of Dermatology: Primary .. Primary Scrotal Melanoma Presenting as a Large, Amelanotic, Exophytic Mass Nice tweet about Sugababes, you mouldy scrotal sac This wasn't by and his long-term impact of lacking scrotal Nice tweet about Brownlow, you limp-dicked complete scrotal sac
that primeval urge to love fire lurks in us all :-) DVD box-sets of Doctor Who or Primeval. :D every penny! I need to watch a few that I missed. I been hooked on Primeval as of late. It was $20 dollars. :D bought Being Human and 3rd season Primeval today. I predict more DVD watching in my future :) Got the strange urge to check out the video store today. Last time i was there, I got Primeval [1&2] for 20 bucks! BBC shows are awesome! :D We run the DVR late on Primeval so as to catch the intro of Graham :) I think that I need to concentrate on the plot as the girl from Primeval has just appeared through an anomaly and .... night all :-) Why? Because people LOVE dinosaurs! :) My "Primeval Vol. 2" review is up Why? Because people LOVE dinosaurs! :) My "Primeval Vol. 2" review is up I used to watch some Medium. House was very good last night, loved that one. :D [And I been watching Primeval. Catching up.] And yes, I love b-side movies and TV! Been watching lots of Primeval and The Room with Tommy Wiseau. And Phantasm dearie. :D Someone/something was stood over my bed growling horrible primeval words! It may have been a BMF instructor thinking about it :)
dolly00z store GOSSIP GIRL STYLE GREENISH RIBBON HEADBAND. Got one wall painted today. Seafoam Greenish color. Really pretty. Touchups then a new color tomorrow. took 4 hours for 1 wall. Blahhh! fuck yeah dood just let the oil and the coolant mix, it'll be like one big reservoir of greenish brown terrificness. Yeah. So now what were the lighter blue bits are reddish or greenish. No big deal, but in the future, I shall cook them seperately Bits of my blur yarn are now reddish or greenish. It's ok, but I learned something. New Picture! All my fave photo effects take the colour right out of my eyes. =P They're a greenish-blue. Un-edited pic in a minute! i meant the real, greenish, little, cute one! There are two pieces I see him wear most often. One is a wire wrapped greenish stone, the other is an amber-like stone set in Can't wait to see your recipe. Little greenish grey? Yes, pandan is the problem that caused the color to look greenish. Gah! haha have you heard of lima beans? they are the same thing, they are greenish ok well i just got a this TV a week ago and less then 30 minutes ago the screen just turned to a greenish color the words on the screen .. Scary rides fill my daughter with glee. Her friends look a little greenish. My eyes are lookin a little bit yellow today...yesterday they were greenish/Hazel. Today yellow. Confused much? Mah poo iz BLUEISH-GREENISH O.O greenish/blue....but i have bright blue contacts...thats really how they look in person..in the pic.. Hes freaking out! In the bad way...he looks greenish. :O Luxury Green Development - Windermere on the Lake, Green or Greenish? Oh witch with a greenish tinge.. your feedback is well received.. I just wiped my arse (2 out of 5 sheets) -- quite runny, greenish black colour Told you. Deliciouso! Hahaha it was greenapple btw the greenish quickly pulp was really yummy! but the co ... I have to do the following: super clean my do laundry, redye my hair (its greenish, thanks to for pointing that green? Greenish-Blu Heading out to my mom's spa! 4 halalbihalal! Wearing a gray-greenish tee, my fav vintage jeans, and that green flip-flops! and ty btw made me feel better bout the greenish tint lol I have this huge greenish-purpleish bruise on my leg and it a lot! I'm sayin.. I seen a like yellow greenish color drop top wit tha rims 2 match.. haha.. idk everybody says they are blue or green or greenish blue or uh purple??? SHE USED LINCES!!! She got blue weird eyes.. or greenish.. HOHO! has dark brownish hair with a blue greenish piece. ... For several hours the Crazy has been barfing up greenish-black... liquid. WHY, CRAZY? WHY NOW? Yeah, Greenish-Yellow reminds me of boogar or vomit color My mood ring is greenish purple. Perhaps that means nervous. My mood ring is currently greenish yellow. who knows what that means? ps-i love mood rings. they're so pretty... lol:) I like the Is Goldfinger really as gold as that, or is it a bit greenish once it gets going? wen cell phones didn't even have color screens.? Just str8 black writing wit a grey/greenish screen.? Lol follow greenish and me^^ I'm sitting 6th row, in the section near the last screen on the right. Greenish hair. greenish brown. in my eyes too dark for good contrast. ask someone else u sure u lookin at ya background? cuz ya definitely greenish Change suggestions welcome. Thinkin' of making the scrolls blue or greenish, and his a color: Pale pinkish roses & pale greenish lilies. i love my the one i wore today to pim. now it has a green tea smoothy stain haha, even tho it's greenish, i dont find it gross :3 And what the hell is this greenish stuff on my sleeve?? People are going 2 be comedians after this one... *smh* to much of it in a period of time gives lots of people a neon greenish poo. the dye in it does. it's one of the ad ... - @ the black lake, which is actually greenish...
ight man..well check out one of my lastest mashes up. i dont know if u caught the beyonce and brandy i mashed up together ? Reality tv sucks, where are the married with childeren's, and the mashes, and what about the place where everybody knows your name? mashes potatoes...sausages =]....my plate look like panamanian food lol<<<--- WATCHU TRYNA SAY??? Stop teasin me I got nuff for bout 2 mo ppl! Ne1? Ranch mashes potatos, bbq chicken, corn and green beans! And rasbe ... I got nuff for bout 2 mo ppl! Ne1? Ranch mashes potatos, bbq chicken, corn and green beans! And rasberry iced tea. Pudding pie! was it on purpose, or accidental? My issue with FB is that it mashes up my social graphs. If I don't keep it generic, trouble comes. Ungh...squares? *stares at brains in hand* I should try that... *mashes brains into squares* NOM NOM Yous right! Trending topic mashes today include Jay Z meets Gadhafi to Hump? Doggdot.us seems to be gone. Anyone know of a replacement feed that mashes Digg, Slashdot and Delicious links? (with duplicates removed)
congrats on the new job and the prospect of new fics! :D looks like ya gonna live your Machine nickname or is just my crazy talk? :P
Downloaded the Nazi Zombies songs. I think you would like this one , it's called beauty of annihilation - Elena siegman Combat! Annihilation! Oh noes! Rat Race Annihilation Nail Biting Annihilation System. Now Sending Traffic To Opt In Page. - Traffic Sent To Opt In Page** That... "annihilation will be unavoidable"-Disturbed i got my phone!!!!! message me if you want my number. OMG im ... "annihilation will be unavoidable"-Disturbed i got my phone!!!!! message me if you want my number. OMG im ... - nukes are always deemed of "peaceful purposes" - doctrine of guaranteed annihilation - absurdity of the times. 6.5gb of Total Annihilation/Unreal III/Supcom/Forged Alliance maps, patches and mods - ready for the taking.. Woot! Now, if we can just get Metal Duck's 'Rod Jane & Freddy's Total Noise Annihilation' into the beauty of annihilation... ... The annihilation of Oakland Raiders has begun....TD Broncos!!!! Now Playing: Frankie Goes To Hollywood - Two Tribes (Annihilation Mix) Subject: Now playing - by: corpsebones: morbid angel awakening, gateways to annihilation Nail Biting Annihilation System. Now Sending Traffic To Opt In Page. New blog post: Apply These Four Golden Rules For Adware Annihilation! Hope that Kerry's cancer is feeling nervous too!! The chemo army is coming! God willing, it will be an annihilation of the evil cells. "annihilation will be unavoidable"-Disturbed i got my phone!!!!! message me if you want my number. OMG im ... It's gonna be a bit Breesy in Buffalo w/ lite showers and a chance of annihilation. It's gonna be a bit Breesy in Buffalo w/ lite showers and a chance of annihilation. DEAD MAN WALKING says When the Laws of the LORD thy God faced total annihilation from the POPE, the Muslims of Isla ... Had a blast playing Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2 will be my buddy last night. Juggernaught Hulk Thor The Thing = Total Annihilation :) Somehow still getting Bested by Cal in the Coaches Poll, despite our complete annihilation of them yesterday. Thank you, coaching interns. "annihilation will be unavoidable"-Disturbed i got my phone!!!!! message me if you want my number. OMG im ... Like the famous saying: "Nature abhors annihilation." (Cicero) I eat people for midnight snack. Nothing sounds better for a mind-fucked nocturnal creature whose insides excites for human annihilation.#fb Hamas Cleric M. Abu 'Ita: Annihilation of Jews 1 of the Most Splendid Blessings 4 Palestine Rat Race Annihilation Tweet Annihilation - Hands Off Business Growth. The Only System That Shows You How To Actually Leverage The Pow... the nerdvana annihilation !! Annihilation. Shows You How To Actually Leverage The Power Of Twitter In Every Aspect. Annihilation. Shows You How To Actually Leverage The Power Of Twitter In Every Aspect. Annihilation. Shows You How To Actually Leverage The Power Of Twitter In Every Aspect. Hamas Cleric M. Abu 'Ita: Annihilation of Jews 1 of the Most Splendid Blessings 4 Palestine Rat Race Annihilation tweaking the site, Total Annihilation/Unreal III/Supcom/Forged Alliance maps, patches and mods - Tweet Annihilation - Hands Off Business Growth. Rockstar Affiliate Annihilation. Thank God that our province has not suffered such annihilation during the typhoon "Ondoy".. Only fan base as excited as Oregon's about Ducks 42-3 annihilation of Cal .. Boise State? - You got it! Four Tier Annihilation I am seeking Redemption through Annihilation! Four Tier Annihilation beauty of annihilation. ... Ladies, Line up 4 ur Annihilation today! 4 a woman, <3 is defined as her willingness 2 submit 2 her own annihilation. For a woman, love is defined as her willingness to submit to her own annihilation. [Chapter 33] [P] [Shut Down (Annihilation Man)] [P]Nick broke left from the nearly-invisible Razor, the floorplans he'd downloaded appearing Is this a Tweet Annihilation or what? Some exploitation here? If flesh reflected I would be ashes long burnt, encased in ice, constantly freezing & unthawing perpetuating my annihilation.
This is one of the worst papers I've ever written. Usually I with substance and graze on the bullshit. This one's 04:30 The Navy Lark: The Put a Horse Out to Graze Fund: Chief Petty Officer fundraising for a cause - his own financial b ... thanks for the love damn I'm hungryim going to go graze "Graze on my lips; and if those hills be dry, stray lower, where the pleasant fountains lie". - William S ... 'it was NOT an almost kiss. it was a nose graze.' Where i come fr. there's more pumpers where you graze your cattle than Texas Colin is letting his chicken out of the coop on Harvest moon in order to allow it to enjoy the sunshine and graze. Get a free box from with this code: - I like it Relaxing after a perfect, beautiful & exhausting wedding. Thank you to everyone who made it possible. Time to watch the sheep graze ;) Campbell is so tall, he might graze his head on a star. Ah Slip'n'Slide...I pulled my left forearm, have a bruise & bump on my left knee, a friction burn on my right thigh, a graze down my back New blog entry: Graze on Sushi nice to have rain. hopefully the grass will keep growing for the cows to graze. will graze u wit her teeth on purpose. Yeah nig u want some head. Imma give u some head you'll neva forget. Lmaooo Free box of Graze Wholefoods. It's a great way to help lose weight and save a bit of money. Free box of Graze Wholefoods. It's a great way to help lose weight and save a bit of money. weight issuse - General Autism Discussion: Some days I graze all day, others I eat 2 meals, and snack on health.. Sat on the porch this afternoon and watched the horses graze then went for a ride. Yay! "Graze on my lips; and if those hills be dry, stray lower, where the pleasant fountains lie". - William S ... Graze on my lips; and if those hills be dry, stray lower, where the pleasant fountains lie. - William Shakespeare ... Heading toward Memphis after a great afternoon at Costco, meeting folks and signing books. I never even had time to graze on the samples. when ypu would scream and take a tantrum at the smallest graze Bought my lappy toppy. Awaiting the moment I can actually graze my fingers against the keys... Oh shiver lol graze, plant.. come back in time to harvest... I like to graze their knees Thanking my lucky stars that he was "a good bad driver" and managed to just graze the car rather than run us right over. Almost died. Wow. going to go graze the guinea pig OMG!!!!SO NERVOUS/ANXIOUS/WORRIED....Graze on my lips; and if those hills be dry, stray lower, where the pleasant f ... OMG!!!!SO NERVOUS/ANXIOUS/WORRIED.....I HOPE IT ALL GOES WELL.....THE COUNTDOWN BEGINS2 MONTH N 4DAYS.."Graze ... At the cafeteria sipping an iced chai with my wife while the kiddos graze on donuts and chocolate milk. Sunday should always be the day to graze my friend. 16:30 The Navy Lark: The Put a Horse Out to Graze Fund: Chief Petty Officer fundraising for a cause - his own financial b ... Check this out. Interesting & I wonder if it will work in spore. Retiring theologian Harvey Cox exercises his right to graze a cow at Harvard: Graze on my lips; and if those hills be dry, stray lower, where the pleasant fountains lie. New thing in the diary: Graze your way through the day Clouds float so gently in the sky, for the birds graze past those clouds with as gentle of motions. Light of day is here, bring the horizon! In that case, you might as well stay put and just graze when you feel like it! Enjoy your Sunday! Hef's Twitter: Diablo Cody In Talks To Write Playboy Film - "Meeting with Diablo COdy to talk about the Brian Graze... Hef's Twitter: Diablo Cody In Talks To Write Playboy Film - "Meeting with Diablo COdy to talk about the Brian Graze... Hef's Twitter: Diablo Cody In Talks To Write Playboy Film - "Meeting with Diablo COdy to talk about the Brian Graze... Hef's Twitter: Diablo Cody In Talks To Write Playboy Film - "Meeting with Diablo COdy to talk about the Brian Graze... Hef's Twitter: Diablo Cody In Talks To Write Playboy Film - "Meeting with Diablo COdy to talk about the Brian Graze... Hef's Twitter: Diablo Cody In Talks To Write Playboy Film - "Meeting with Diablo COdy to talk about the Brian Graze... i mean if that's the case.. couldn't u just graze on the grass on the side of the road? :-) SHINee - Graze "if she wants to graze on our front lawn.... thats ok with me"- josh weinstock
"Without sorrow comes no compassion." on your door!! u just let it in... happiness!! feels alot like sorrow. let it be. you cant make it come or go... but u r gone... Pools of sorrow waves of joy are drifting thorough my open mind. ... Haven't been home much. Guess I'm avoiding the packing and sorrow. The bittersweet truth You cannot increase your capacity for joy if you block sorrow from entering your Filled with sorrow, filled with pain , knowing that I am to blame ; For leaving your out in the rain.. Train wails in sorrow ~ track's steel nerves shudder at sound ~ distance fades to now Good Morning! "If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow" - Chinese Proverb - feeling pretty much like this lately: there is no greater sorrow than to recall in misery the time when we were happy - dante : You've turned my mourning, into dancing again, You've lifted my sorrow. If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.- Chinese Proverb My mother is such a lousy cook that Thanksgiving at her house is a time of sorrow. Rita Rudner i kno some shits too hard to swallow but i cant just sit back and wallow at my own sorrow but i know one fact ill be one tough act to follow If you are patient in a moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow "Love also floats. And, that being true, love probably resembles Sorrow in other ways." Catching a small cold. Exhausted.Hungry.Lil david sleeps.Im sad.Im alone.king of sorrow.sade My beautiful Darlings,i must this berg, that is the interwebzz, goodnight, is such sweet sorrow, see you on the morrow XoXo-H You live and you learn, Educating yourself is such beautiful sorrow, I offer a smile and a tear The state of severance of union with sorrow is known by the name of yoga. huh drown my sorrow.... Moping in my sorrow. maybe drinking wine would validate my sorrow, every man needs a muse and mine could be the bottle. "Sorrow was last week's emotion." "In life, grief can look like a lot of things that bear little resemblance to sharp sorrow" Shared joy is double joy. Shared sorrow is half sorrow. -Swedish Proverb Now I lay me down to sleep - Hope to tweet tomorrow - Ah, is such sweet sorrow. Haven't heard this 1 in a while-Like the movie love the soundtrack. I Am a Man of Constant Sorrow Goodnight, my Twitter. is such tweet, tweet sorrow. Just finished Return of the Jedi and pondering over my new gun. Now I'm going to listen to Sing the Sorrow. all through life you will face sorrow & sadness.. Find hope I'm darkness. Joy through your pain..& that with love everything will be alright "For much wisdom comes much sorrow; the more knowledge, the more grief." next "filled with sorrow filled with pain knowing that i am to blame" next "filled with sorrow filled with knowing that i am to blame" My With The Sorrow And The Sea Of Pain Burninq Throuqh My Chest. get over your sorrow~~ A countenance more in sorrow than in anger Do you feel the weight of the world singing sorrow? is such sweet sorrow. Goodnight. "Good night, good night! is such sweet sorrow,That I shall say good night till it be morrow"~Shakespeare ||G'Night, All... Seil comes not while sorrow be gone. i hate this sorrow. My stomach Imagine there was no tomorrow,Imagine that I couldnt see ur face,There'd be no limit 2 my sorrow Listening to Sadness and Sorrow by Toshiro Masuda
i think i want to change my major to sexology, and be a sex inner stuff, even including sexology / sexual orientation preferences, psychology reduce cultural conflicts, idea dev, assist in Im struggling to think of a reason why. Our wealth of historical locations? The sex museum. The university of Sexology? :S Sexology: A new course in universities - Click The Link to Read News its a bunch of bs! lol You know what'll be fun?Telling my parents I want to do Sexology. @ critical sexology symposium; waiting to hear some interesting papers. uhmmm... is my class of sexology human and is very interesting in college with my friend waiting for the class of sexology....... :o buuuuuuuuuuuuu what class you in"? sexology? 'sexology' is really a word? Some solid Tweeters ... yo wen i thnk bout it i am a freak. i be comin up with the wierdest thngs in my mind. pictures and all. i shuld change my major to sexology. 1955 Sexology Sex Science Illustrated - The door to Sex Enlightenment by Hugo Gernsback Sexology, Sex Science Illustrated, The door to sex Enlightenment 1956 Sexology, Sex Science Illustrated, October 1956, by Hugo Gernsback - 1950's Sexology Booklets, Sex Science Illustrated!!! Rare Bout to type up my ideas for homecoming and sexology. Yes, I'm bored.
Mary Kay will donate $1 for ea Gingerbd or Pink Passion Lipstk sold 2 fight against Dom Viol order online Anthony J. 20M: Viol Probation Misdemeanor. I just was chillen with and his homie... why is friend was all in my momz ass saying he would let her viol ... Go shopping for good cause Oct 1-15 Marshalls will donate $$ to NDVH for every pair of shoes sold 4 Domestic Viol Awareness Month New post: I was just reading in the new york times that california is cutting all state funding to its domestic viol ... Thanks for ... Oct is Domestic Viol Awareness Mo, and Marshalls is contributing to the Hotline for every pair of shoes sold, Oct 1-15 'Dayyl Noris Schock (58) PAROLE OR PPSV VIOL (U 'Jeffery Michael Young (19) RESTRAIN VIOL (U submits a book that's filled w/ viol, sex, etc -- the Bible. That's why the memory of this book remains with me all these years. *lets go noticing Fins annoyance, frowns sadly cuz he doesn't want to annoy Fin* ...I d'n't l'ke viol'nce 'nymore.;; ...wh't?; Love Moby! Cali. just cut all funding 2 dom. violence progs-so 100% of my fees from LA & SF shows 2 go 2 dom. viol. progs CA just cut all funding to domestic violence pms, so 100% of my fees from la & san fran shows wil go to dom viol pms I misunderstood ur tweet. Yes, I agree w u 100%. GB,MB,RL & others like-minded talking heads r really dangerous-incite viol Walter H. 44M: Resist Arrest W/o Violence, Charge Description, Viol Probation Felony. Christine A. 45F: Viol Probation Felony. Lol! I'm fucked up! 3 bottles i viol is my limit.. Especially after only eating 1 pretzel the WHOLE day lol :) Jason M. 30M: Viol Pre-trial Release. hemligt och viol? you've got my attention! 'Antonia Michiel Garcia (44) ClackCo CRIMINAL TRESPASS I, THEFT II, VIOL OF PAROLE...#jail Goin to see Fame. I'll well ya wut i viol about it l8r Out to locate Fem Fugitive (assault & Prob Viol) from Arkansas. No GOOD address & job ref & fake phone We'll see if RHINO can find her. only time i am happy is when i am with my viol and when i am drunk. I cant take it anymore and i am about to lose it. I am so done. Gerald F. 29M: Viol Probation Misdemeanor. Crime text TRANSCRIPT: Damas, domestic violence - Naples Daily News: TRANSCRIPT: Damas, domestic viol.. huh dwight york is a viol man. even though i dont like katie, he's such a ****** to say something about her when he ... 'Carol Sue Turnbow (55) ClackCo VIOL OF PAROLE...#jail 'Amanda Renee Smith (21) ClackCo VIOL OF RESTRAINING ORDER...#jail Photo: The Celtic Viol - An Hommage to Irish and Scottish Musical Traditions - Jordi Savall [Hybrid SACD]... Josue C. 20M: Viol Probation Misdemeanor. Work seek plus Angeline Pinot noir . Speakeasy is pretty viol after all! I viol i'm super connected to my twitter because i know two people here DWI stop turns violent: An Amsterdam brother and sister are facing multiple charges after a DWI stop turns viol.. Listening to some vile (only joking) viol music. Arrangements of J.S Bach for a chest of viols. The ensemble is Alio Modo. Home. Test taken. Viol i did well. Have my first weekend to rest since a month ago. im almost done with my cover of "cum on feel the noize." it includes violin & bass viol. prettiest this song has ever been. James W. 31M: Viol Probation Felony, Viol Probation Felony. From - Other - 14XX W RAMSEY AV, Milwaukee, WI: VIOL REST ORDER Tony M. 28M: Fta - Possession Of Marijuana Not More Than 20 Grams, Fta - Dwlsr With Knowledge, Fta - Fraud Use Of Credit Card, Viol Prob ... : Even Rome's Former Neo-Fascist Mayor Joined the Gays to March Against Viol.. SEC won't pursue claims against ACL after Reg FD viol by rogue CFO (the genius sent new fin guidance to 8 sell side analysts from home). Stephen A. 21M: Grand Theft Is 300 Or More But Less Than 5000 Dols, Charge Description, Burglary Auto, Charge Description, Viol Probatio ... viol anal preinstalat Arranging the cabinets with Viol in my room. Jihad Watch Jordanian arrested in Dallas bomb plot had been under surveillance for some time after expressing "his desire to commit viol ...
Two terrific Cabs last night. 2001 Neal Family, 2005 Justin Isosceles Reserve Speaking of 3 legged animals, I once was going to adopt a 3 legged dog. I was going to name him Isosceles. find the mesure of the sides of an isosceles triangle (triangle LMN) if L is the angle, Lm=3x-2, LN=2x Find the measures of the angles of an isosceles triangle, given that the measure of the angle is 36 deg Drinking 2005 Justin Vineyard Isosceles Reserve - The third side of an isosceles triangle is 2 inches than each of the other two sides. If the perimeter Santa Fe Grand Tasting today! Friday JUSTIN Isosceles 05 topped 7 other 05 Napa & Bordeaux in consumer blind tasting "throwdown!" Woo-hoo! Why you gotta hate on the Ivy League? I'd like to see Tebow throw a bubble screenso that it forms a perfect isosceles triangle the base of an isosceles triangle is 3 cm less than the length of the equal sides. if the perimeter of the tri Star of David/Magen Star is a series of isosceles and not right angles = 180 - unless each angle =... I forget the trick to find the measure of the third side of an isosceles triangle. Damn A yard in the shape of a rectangle surmounted by an isosceles right triangle is shown to the right. The perim Pete McCann - Isosceles - 07:35 PM visit to TAG this song - Sweet architecture. I think it's called the Holy Temple of Isosceles. I the isosceles of epic!! Purchased 2005 Justin Vineyard Isosceles - Lunch with the Isosceles. You're jealous. Of all the triangles, I love isosceles the most. I keep misspelling "isosceles." I know it's spelled like that but I keep writing iscoceles or isoceles. awww I remember CBBC. Lol. I'm doing some maths. :( :( isosceles triangles anyone? -.- You have nicer legs than an Isosceles right triangle. Please help me solve: each of two conguent sides of an isosceles triangle is 8 inches less than twice its base If I had a little boy...I think I might name him Isosceles... LMAO!!!! she's shaped like an upside down isosceles triangle. What's your favourite triangle? Mine's isosceles. I'm all for symmetry but equilateral is just too much. done with ChE170 2nd exam: sir meynard, pano yung isosceles trapezoid????... haha... tomorrow is FPPS183 3rd long quiz! O__O This niggaz teeth look like a bunch of isosceles triangles.<<< LMAO!!! Now THAT'S funny!! This niggaz teeth look like a bunch of isosceles triangles. Aformentioned 5-a-side footie pool includes players from The Starlets, Isosceles, The Low Miffs, BMX Bandits, St Deluxe, The 17th Century... Yo' mama is such an isosceles triangle, that I tried playing Tetris with her and it was hard as shit. "Are you isosceles? Or is your angle ninety degrees? Are you tetrahedron? What plane are you restin' on?" Sorry, that's Isosceles - as in two equal sides and angles. Really really good here's a hint from me to you: don't go to bed immediately after reading a book about isosceles triangles LOL dreamtimefun wait, I have to correct myself: EQUILATERAL triangles are definitely the best shape. Maybe isosceles sometimes, but fuck scalene. [/nerd] isosceles are whats up. If two isosceles triangles are constructed on the same base, then the line that joins their bisects t " what's an isosceles triangle" " triangles with no sides" Isosceles, scalene, love, Dairylea, Bermuda, Winnersh. All types of triangle. I'm on a train to one them. Can you guess which?
COMMERCIAL ELECTRIC JOB LIGHT L-1800: $19.99 (0 Bids)End Date: Sunday Oct-04-2009 17:07:09 PDTBid now .. I'd agree, but nothing does. It's LTTfnP! The Zeldas are faithful to the series' design, though. Dude, I want a piano so I can jam on tour. Asian_Dating says: Any Document To A Perfect Adobe PDF.: Document Format (PD.. Micro Machines V4 [PC] Enjoy All of Videos on All Your Devices(Windows/Mac): ... Myvu Promo Code:Shopping Tips -Myvu Crystal transforms your media player into a hands-free, full-screen pr... Black & Decker WM425 Workmate 425 550 Pound Capacity Work Bench CallPod Fueltank UNO and DUO Chargers Logitech 2 MP Webcam C905 / QuickCam ... $58.89 (41% OFF $20.06 drop since 9/19) Tiger Direct Coupon@ i5city:SAVE $50 FREE Shipping - Sony PlayStation PSP-3000- $169.99. HURRY! Won't Last ! Zune HD: The best media player you may never buy & well the GF1 is way out of my price range & interchangeable lens isn't a feature I need (I want compact & SAVE $299.96 - TomTom GO 720 4.3-Inch Widescreen Bluetooth GPS Navigator $149.99 ad: GPS Navigator TomTom XL 4.3-Inch Widescreen GPS Navigator with Traffic Receiver Refurbished Nextar SNAP5 Super Slim 5-Inch GPS Navigator (Electronics) newly tagged "gps" 10 Reasons Why Tablets Will Succeed: That said, e-ink is still impractical for the needs of a computer.. GPS Jammer Macintosh News: Download R-Studio v5.1 Build 130010 12,2 MBs - Offers ... The restroom for females. Now women can go in the woods with no more squatting. Thanks inventor Brad! China wholesale Mini Multi-media Projector- Pocket Sized Handheld DP-100 Projector Samsung mp3 problem icon cant put music on it: The program that came with the mp3 w.. Black & Decker WM425 Workmate 425 550 Pound Capacity Work Bench GPS Jammer gotta tear up some more stuff. i can't have lost that hard drive. it has a ton of music and pics on it. plus some flix of amb But I've found one that has to wait until the iPhone - GPS, contacts, computing all in one case, on Sunday, I had lost. $199.99 Danby 40 pint dehumidifier FREE SHIPPING LOWEST PRICE GUARANTEE Buying a small heater online. I'll be glad when this whole 'living in a trailer' phase is over. New handheld joins racer, Wii horror-survivor, Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2, Kingdom 358/2 Days, Valhalla Knights: Eldar Saga, F.. Booths - Display Booths - 'Zune HD: The best media player you may never buy' - (via Ebools are Better than ______ BASKETBALL HOOP Free basketball hoop. Adjustable height pole and new glow-in-dark.. Shippin` Out Sept. 27-Oct. 3: PSP Go, Gran Turismo PSP, Dead Space Extraction: New handheld joins race.. Samsung B7320 OmniaPRO: The Samsung B7320 OmniaPRO is a messaging centre which lets users carry their inbox wit $199.99 Danby 40 pint dehumidifier FREE SHIPPING LOWEST PRICE GUARANTEE playing metal gear solid: ops on my psp, really hope i can play the incoming MGS which is Peace Walker. fog machines coming down from behind like a that'd be sweet w. two flashes and gels! Samsung mp3 problem my icon wont show up on emodio so i cant put music on it: its i..
How appropriate that racist Glenn Beck runs Inhalerette commercials. An an untested, unapproved (by the FDA) drug delivery system like GB? UGH. Can't say I'm totally shocked. They were completely untested until now. Guess we have our answer, don't we? :( rev2921 compiled from the "untested" is pretty stable, but I can't find a good DB for it. Any suggestions? (Looking for a blizzlike) are we being urged to line up for this untested influenza vaccine? Dear vendors, plz don't get aggressive if we ? you about new, untested product extensively. Questions = interest (via Hearing a lot about H1N1 vaccine. Mandatory inoculations of untested product w/ long-term negative health effects. Czar Holdren pop control? Any healthy ppl getting swine flu/H1N1? NOPE. All have been ill already w/ weakened immune & resp. systems. The UNtested Vaccine is a SCAM. Want 2 try a drug that's rushed 2 market, relatively untested & can cause neuro damage? Please, try the swine flu vaccine! "Chili with chocolate? the or skip it?" I have a new and untested chili recipe that calls for 1.5 oz good point! but i don't think that means that untested software is unmaintainable. what about linux? Swine Flu Or A Dangerous Untested Vaccine? The Choice Is Yours. - The Healthier Life : Swine Flu Or A Dangerous Untested Vaccine? The Choice Is Yours. Are untested herbals (drugs) safe just because they're preventative? I wouldn't believe this line of 'proof'... Want 2 try a drug that's rushed 2 market, is relatively untested & can cause neurological damage? By all means, try the swine flu vaccine If you take the dangerous & untested vaccine & are harmed, you cannot sue. Obama has made sure of that. What does that tell you? Take an as yet untested rushed vaccine from No thanks Get in quick for swine flu shots: Roxon Untested Swine Flu Vaccine.........why would you give it to a toddler? Would you let them play with broken glass? Some worry about autism? WTB-P&A: looking for failed or untested optical drives looking for CDRW DVDRW or combo drives f... <tinfoil hat>Was 3.2.2 released as an enticement for possible aion abdicators? Too soon and untested? Worst patch day for a while. Ok seriously, does an untested nuclear bomb make you feel naked? I for one fee fully clothed! From the Hindu Or will that person be someone untested, someone new? Life comes rushing at you from out of the darkness, when it does -- these reserves are the places being targeted first to be injected with untested, unsafe and potentially lethal flu vaccines.?? Did you know there's a national backlog of untested rape kits? Sexual assault suspect arrested thanks to DNA: Did you know there's a national backlog of untested rape kits? Wait, what? People *want* untested GM food? Of course, what was I thinking. Are we to suffer quarantine, violations of our personal untested vaccines because our govt failed to act decisively early on? could this be true? Over 80 Million Children Expected to Die in the United States by Untested Swine Flu Vaccine You think you will walk away untested? -jigsaw You feel you now have control, don't toy? You think you will walk away untested. My work will continue. That I have insured... So far the H1N1 is no worse then the regular flu. Do you really want to risk your health by gettig a largely untested vaccine?
Calypso operator up for sale, bought by Yahoo!7, Latest airline stats. Read more; I KNEW IT! you guys are hypnotized with Calypso music!! *jots down notes* i'll figure out you Cali people yet! What do you think o the profile pic? My wife's little girl Calypso! She's beautiful! ... Calypso! heard some great jazz this afternoon. the band's called "AJ" (pronounced ah-ja.) fun calypso/jazz re-mix of the "Electric Slide." Superbreak Pack ( Calypso Blue/Tree Flower ) - Soca is a form of dance music which originated in the islands. It is combined wirh Calypso. (cont) sometimes all it takes to put me in a good mood is a really decent sandwich. put the calypso shrimp in too plz. Gotta eat them already. Calypso's GPS for the Body technology installed at University Of ... oh okay, chilis has this drink called called a calypso cooler, omg! lol...last time i was DRUNK as hell off of them! lol american football is so stupid! just get on with it, guys! Now Playing on Jet City Lounge: Sven Van Hees ''Flying High On Borrowed Wings'' (from Calypso) Hey, what's this "affiliate program" thing? Is that "tell people how great Calypso is"? 'Cause I do that a lot. ^_^ Reggae, Soca, Calypso 9/27/09- 10/3/09 | TrY-County College Life: Try-CountyCollegeLife contains and nigh.. Who can deny the calypso reggae pop of Hips Don't Lie??? feat Wyclef Jean for the fucking win!!! Why the CIA wanna watch? Hey there. I'm wondering if u know a fest that would be open to vintage calypso. I'm thinking world or folk. Suggestions? Slowly moving up;Wtf is calypso now??? 2much coconut talk [LMAOOOO) for an action movie Commando sure has a lot of calypso music Thanks Kal, It has been over a year since the Calypso last flew. I miss my old ship. should i get calypso decalwed or not ive been thinking and its so sad Calypso vest! DSFKOSDKFKSDFKSDPFKF breguice mesmo. Alonso all but confirmed at Ferrari in 2010. Kimi to go to McLaren, taking Magnum and Calypso as sponsors? I uploaded a YouTube video -- calypso spin rinse3DCFC0005 qualquer uma do calypso rere -nnnnn Having late lunch with Shana @ calypso cafe. Deciding if we will watch the game or go to someone's house to watch Dexter! Hmmm brewing more banjo calypso tonight at Tranzac look like Calypso off Pirates of the Carribean lls ......listenin to some reggae/soca/calypso music on my Zune ......listenin to some reggae/soca/calypso music on my Zune "Cavalo Manco - Calypso" OOH taking you up on that offer. - PLANE PORN! - I've still got to respond to Calypso, also. Lovely Sunday brunch with at The Cannery, checking out the yachts in the harbor w/ calypso music by a live steel drummer! calypso ngm merece Now Playing on Jet City Lounge: Sven Van Hees ''Konnichi Wa-Wah'' (from Calypso) The bean soup w/calypso beans seems a bit bland; now adding garlic & tomato Calypso by Festina by Festina Damen Armbanduhr K5193/5 the quality of an evening is often inversely to the number of updates in said evening... Making a new soup w/ new calypso beans. Quite beany in flavor! Calypso kiwi lemonade. Soo good! 'Calypso, I come before you as a humble servant...and you just blew my hat off you bitch!' 'You're not supposed to swear in this movie!!' Listenin 2 Sparrow (calypso) records, on 45 with my dad,he'd turn his head, I'd drink his beer...I was 3 yrs old...LOL cavalo manco - calypso.
likewise yeah, likewise fam. Later yo im thinkin abt gettin a girlfriend.this is a very big step for ya boyyyyyyyyyyy <---- likewise. likewise. im ready too. - Likewise likewise! Let me know when you are in the neighborhood again - hopefully soon! elsewise and likewise honi soit qui mal y pense, if you go in for such along those lines. hmph, dvd player skipping again, argh. likewise, thanks for the creative card! :) LIkewise! I really enjoyed your session Garrett, and I hope to hear more of you on future panels. What me is the fact that some areas that are supposed to be 'high' areas, were likewise flooded. Likewise, it was a pleasure to hang with you. Hopefully we can hook up and do some rides. Let me know if/when you decide to ride. Likewise, lovely. Mwah! <3 Likewise need a link to watch new entourage....HELP! Likewise need a link to watch new entourage....HELP! lol likewise! sittin here watchin Holloween again lol lolol... Likewise brotha likewise!!! likewise, and you can sleep well tonight knowing you helped another fan display his fan-ness? idk if thats a word. lol Ahuvim -- I am sick on Yom Kippur... Please offer up a prayer for healing. If any of you are likewise sick,... Likewise! :) :) likewise LIkewise. McFarlane simply uses the same jokes over and over again. I was referring Yelp for AR. and sys, for apps like iTunes remote , JumiMouse, and likewise. Your tip for guys trying to chat up a girl. I am in total agreement with you there. (Likewise, educated guys win my quickly) Your tip for guys trying to chat up a girl. I am in total agreement with you there. (Likewise, guys win my quickly) You have to appreciate European cars for their handling amd luxury. Likewise, you have to appreciate the American car... men r gems just like women. we've both experienced pain&need to treat our men like kings likewise us as queens. goldDiggin = DEAD Likewise ur uncle is in my prayers mama. Thanks y'all for caring F*ck life! - likewise - i'm just fed up with Mr. NJA! Likewise my dear. You are delightful! - Likewise ... I need to re-load it onto my 'berry as well ... says I'm not an 'authenticated user' ...whatever that means. Likewise. The actor playing Danko's quite good. If you saw the John Adams special he was in it too Likewise :-))) likewise YOU I won't care about the season but for the playoffs will be the real deal spicfaggot likewise! and I just bought a black CD for you, just gotta make the playlist likewise, you and both rocked it this weekend thx for what u do likewise..no resp from honey yet..how is she?im so worried ?! Sometimes staying at home is very relaxing and a much better vacation. Likewise. Just had a really lovely chat to If you're not following her, your loss! Yes - likewise, ditto, the above ; thank you! likewise! after a shoe. Likewise, it was his charm, civility, and interest in what she had to say that revealed the princess from within to him. likewise! Awesome job oh those sweets! Yummy! Likewise on the fuck stuff! lol SNL was good. Liked the fuck stuff. I sware som stuff people say win dey talkin im like zzzzzzzzz (LIKEWISE) great seein ya at SC3 bro! || likewise!! working on the photos right now. Likewise. Just wish I hadn't planned out the work I need to do tomorrow already. It just came out. My fingers and mind think likewise, lol! Likewise by not him I think it is going to cost me my game.
Does Manic Depression Cause Effects Such As Dilated Pupils?: yoo dis nigga shuld get paid for tellin stories dog .. he do all sound effects --who diq!? yes he do!! Think I'm suffering from post-holiday blues and the effects of a busy/social weekend. How do others seem to cope so well? REGULATION AND MANAGEMENT OF CULTURAL IN CANADA | legit ...: Effects:.. It's not 'less' to use PS for adding tilt shift effects.. Your comment was not alluring. Sept 27: Mom wanted to know more about the physical effects when she begins to decline as she had fears about suffering. ukrenjane: How To Shrink Uterine Fibroids By Up To 86%... Without Drugs, Surgery Or Harmful Side-Effects The Human Protoss Dragoon: Complete with 5 Asians and sound effects! Just give it a moment to load. hahah oh i thought that was of your sound effects or something. mass confusion. ahh the perks of loft. and no doors. [MacMegaSite] CrumplePop Brings Easy Split-Screen Effects to Final Cut Pro: CrumplePop today relea.. CrumplePop Brings Easy Split-Screen Effects to Final Cut Pro: CrumplePop today released SplitScreen, an effect .. Urgh. Feeling effects of past nights curry. yoo dis nigga shuld get paid for tellin stories dog .. he do all sound effects how were the finished visual effects? The footage at comic con felt a little rough. these products with they crazy ass side effects. side effects include, nausea, bleeding of the ears, webbed toes and maybe even death. If you're interested in effects animation (as I have been lately) check out a book called "Elemental Magic" - its been a huge inspiration. I'm not altogether sure if you mean that with sarcasm or a hint of dark amusement. I'm thinking of psychological effects involved no its true! U are my boo...im in bed now, after ybar effects...half off dat goose u know i get loose! more specifically a "mole fogger". Any decent rental house carries them. Used to use them in the model effects biz. tebow out effects their title hopes? Bcs, what a joke/mess! TO already on his way out? What's left in earners tank? Boise ST? The Vampire Deoxcis I've tried these caffine patches and put them all over my arms. I haven't slept in weeks. AAAHHH! Sorry! Side effects! Suffering no apparent ill effects from the fish. Tomorrow, I microwave a frozen burrito. Your muscles will enjoy the calming benefits of saoking in bath salts: The positive effects of aromatherapy are.. [Astrology](AA$3.00)Hi i am a female, my date and time are 10-10-1981 11.33 pm.My mom said that i am going through bad effects of sa a full night's rest: 126,000,000, how to make sure a baby gets, do you feel much better, lisinopril side-effects, night rest 100 tabs ITS DOMINO EFFECTS fault isnt it0haga CrumplePop Brings Easy Split-Screen Effects to Final Cut Pro CrumplePop Brings Easy Split-Screen Effects to Final Cut Pro CrumplePop Brings Easy Split-Screen Effects to Final Cut Pro TW: CrumplePop Brings Easy Split-Screen Effects to Final Cut Pro Just taken Mefloquine, and I didn't know the side effects are so severe until when I read it up on Wikipedia. Photo: (Via MUTE) Dude, I love the effects. I believe Ibuprophen is the answer and believe me I wish it was a result of the effects of fun. Intense tracking for swine flu shot's side effects ...they also worsen the effects of rosacea...dogs on the otherhand, lessen this. im random lol cuz we wear lipstick n blush to emulate the effects of being aroused... Why heels lol Cellphone side effects may be all in your head - CTV.ca Shrink Uterine Fibroids By Up To 86%...Without Drugs, Surgery Or Harmful Side-Effects - it was something about a study of the effects of SOMETHING related to alzhiemers.. but i dont remember what it was... was having briefing from tch hamidah. Though, that 'wake-up call' doesnt have any effects on me. Babal bah babal. Haha. & i sit at the computor & giggle at the 'crazy taxi' sound effects. dear ambien cr. sleep walking or driving are not acceptable side effects. I already finished Elevator of the Dead. It's a good little game... sound effects on it still give me the creeps. Radiology publications: Protective effects of vitamins C and E on spermatogenesis of 1.5 Tesla magnetic field expos... Interesting musings from re effects of socnet & microblogging content on bloggers & his new approach to blogging Special Effects - Edge of Reality - Austin, TX: Edge of Reality is searching for a special effects Holy crap, the list of side effects in the commercial I just saw for Chantix goes on for like 10 minutes. Suicidal behavior seems bad. Needs muscle relaxants. what are the the effects of OD-ing on muscle relaxants?
24/23 & team marvelz , ii love danovian 9.12.09 ! on dhee phne wid dhe hubbysx. & I.M. dhe bro Josh Forb ... It has to be it to cheer forb steelers 10 dollars won't do it lol Getting ready forb a day of football,golf and drag racing. I also have to do some yard work today. T wants me blow out the sprinkler system Megan strikes out looking forb 1st out just to interject , the instances ur talking about ,was early in the protests, cameras would have been reasonable,not forb Fightingnya mma emang the best.skrg saatnya recording buat forb.yeaaa Otw warung buncit.abis itu forb recording.. yipiie Otw warung buncit.abis itu forb recording.. yipiie Im Talkin Bout Wit Da Yard Fest Shit.ND Iono If Forb Drivin He Still At Work Rite Now.. Bestdocnyc: What's Really In A 'Cadillac' Plan - Forbes: Forb.. yes! I my cadillac trade forB.Jacobs was accepted! It's sucks my sis & I stay at home while our brothers go to watch another movie .. great. the government should forb ... Gawker >> Story Magically Re-Appears Three Weeks Later in Competing Outlet [Journalismism] : Forb.. let's go I'm off forb the next couple of nights I just woke up! aye forb go head sn i know u didnt write what i thought u wrote son... no bruno Joshua Davis on stage and then it's all finish for 09. Really really enjoyed it! I love waking up faded from the night b4.time forb a wake and bake excited forb Debz to get her arse back to Leeds! LPGA: Anna Rawson's Picture Perfect Swing: Anna Rawson took a trip to New York and was featured on the Forb.. oh! Lol - bahahaha ! Don't be tardy forb the I want a g coat forb the storm Investment banker Warren Stephens talks with Steve Forb... - inspiring session. i wanna work at BIG SPACESHIP :) Just shouted at my computer forb eing slow. Too much coffee in my coffee this morning.
can't believe mac mineralized satin finish broke me out OMG!!! there are soooo many but a few are love nectar, my brush and petty coat mineralized skin finish. Mac's mineralized skin finish=my love. LOL. Everyone's talking about MAC's new Style Black collection! I want the mineralized shadows in Young Punk and Blue Flame. Alkaline water & unpolluted and mineralized salt = your healers from within... tht collection looks amazing but wen I chcked it out in person, totally disappointed. i guess im jus not a fan of mineralized e/s HAHAHA.to tweet eh idk how i feel so far,i hate mineralized ishh.pain in the ass to work w&these kinda have to be wet Why is the mineralized stuff so good? I use lots of MAC. I want to weep with happiness over the MAC mineralized eyeshadows, and so much more, from Style Black collection. yeh def. and i like these so far, well see though i usually hate all mineralized shadows >_< I love my Riches Mineralized Eyeshadow duo for a quick smokey look. It is the look I'm wearing on my background image - young punk mineralized eyeshadow, tilt eyeshadow, delft paint pot and Electric blue liquidlast eyeliner...all ... - a look I did today with Mac's young punk mineralized eyeshadow, tilteyeshadow and deflt paint pot :) - MAC style black collection mineralized eyeshadows I bought lastnight... insanely gorgeous, I almost cried whe ... Maxim Velcovsky rocks! Big hair, great ideas & beautiful ceramics. See his Catastrophe Vase and mineralized objects at Testing out a new mineralized BRONZER... Not to toot my own horn... But I look pretty tan and hot today! ...I'm just sayin'. sweet i actually like the shadows, such an improvement from the mineralized shadows from color craft I want the mineralized shadows from the Black collection. Did you order any of those? Holy crapola this new MAC eyeshadow is OMGNOMNOMNOM. It's a new mineralized shade, "Cinderfella" and its sparkly black goodness. ROCK. MAC Style Black Mineralized eye shadows kick ass! AMAZING! Encore Renaissance Resources Now Shipping Gold Mineralized Rock to Kinross for Sales: September.. Encore Renaissance Resources shipping gold mineralized rock to ... - Your Metal News (press release): Encore Re.. MAC HK, MSF's, like 30 shadows, some from starflash, neo sci fi, some mineralized es, blushes, tons of lippies, pigments. b2m for the mineralized e/s!! i forgot all about that one. haha when i got into my mac i'll have to bring my empties Has anybody checked out Style Black at MAC Yet??? Ure going to love the mineralized eyeshadows and the Grease paint stick!! LOL girl i can so see you wearing those mineralized e/s! Super happy with my mineralized skinfinish. It's sheer but with concealer, it's pretty decent for how light it feels. :D Mineralized Shadows but I get pretty incredible payoff when packed on with a sponge applicator Posted New Product: MAC Style Black - Mineralized Eye Shadow to my online store. Yes, the nail polished look good & maybe the mineralized eyeshadow but I could probably get that look with pigments & glitter how does the xterra handle trash? Does it do well in mineralized ground? Thanks for sharing. I LOVE MAC's Mineralized satinfinish foundation. It makes the skin so glowy and radiant.! Wet and wild brow kit. Faddabulous mineralized blush. And lash stilletto with lash blast over it mascara :) sounds like a lot but its basic I uploaded a YouTube video -- MAC's Mineralized Eyeshadow Quads and Paint Pot Review hmmm. Did u get to try it as a base? I swatched one of the mineralized shadows on top of it and looked amazing Uracan continues to expand the Double S Zone with significant mineralized intercepts: << Highlights: Uracan continues to expand the Double S Zone with significant mineralized intercepts Uracan continues to expand the Double S Zone with significant mineralized intercepts: << Highlights: I'm thinking I want to try the mineralized shadows from the new Style Black collection. Hi Treasure Hunters & Metal Detectorists! Tips on highly mineralized/magnetic soils just got published: Style Black Mineralized Eyeshadows...impressive!! Our faves: Blue Flame & Gilt by Association. HOWEVER, beware; these are PACKED w/glitter! Did you know that the first step to optimal health is hidden in a daily of 2-5g unpolluted and unrefined mineralized salt?
Yes. It makes more sense, to me, JMo not leaving the show. I think Ausiello overdramatized the actual situation. does anyone else think is the most overdramatized show ever?? does anyone else think is the most overdramatized show ever?? does anyone else think vs. wild is the most overdramatized show ever?? this show sucks. Its overdramatized like that one episode of the OC where everyone shot each other. Equally as crap. i DVR'd but didn't watch yet. caught a few minutes. seemed overdramatized. doubt it can out-Lost Lost (or Fringe) the story & acting, real & good. What ruined it? overdramatized (as are all other Filipino dramas) and too much gayness. "WHAT IF JEAN GREY WAS RESURRECTED INSTEAD OF COLOSSUS?" here's hoping that this isn't ridiculously overdramatized. Or at least that's my take, but like just said, they just seem way too overdramatized to be taken as serious as you are
Working on my Automatization Process Control homework... NOT FUN! Codility - offers great product for developer recruitment automatization
Residence wide videogame tournament won by my pal Brandon. Spent the last few days desing the Phelps '09 campaign posters 11:06 PM: Thomas Morley: La Coranto and La Volta: Musicians of the Globe Theatre, Philip Pickett, conductorPhil.. Hunting Grizzlies in the wilds of Alaska? There's a trap for that. Just won coffee by debating! Go Jour 200 pro print team. Bless you bless you and WriteRoom's autosave. You have just saved me from having to re-write an from scratch. I am going to sleep my face off! Just for reference: every time you type I yell "BOK!" then read the rest in a super-annoying squeaky parrot voice. Out to interview people on No Car Day 2009 seeing as everybody poops the text correction is quite practicle...
Scratching head at browser issues that only client can reproduce. Proposing the UniBrowser 'Internet Homogenizer' powered by Here is Ernie with the separator and homogenizer at the Dairy.
How about you take me on where I can kick your fucking ass, you little dried up piece of crap! U keep defending victimizers! Fucking cunt!
I tend to hyperbolize, so know I'm completely serious when I say discovering is one of the best of my semester so far. I tend to hyperbolize, so know I'm comlpetely serious when I say discovering is one of the best of my semester so far. I tend to hyperbolize, so know I'm comlpetely serious when I say discovering is one of the best of my semester so far. even n the public eye. you cant go off the media because they like to hyperbolize. idk his family so im not gonna comment on... You have heard correctly!! Not to over state or hyperbolize, but Chicago is the pizza capital of the known world!!!! ;-)))) I think these are the coolest cakes I have EVER seen. And as I've said a million times, I'm not prone to hyperbolize. I hate people who hyperbolize, but father's office in la is the best burger ever... BBT is a crudely written nerd zoo designed to simultaneously hyperbolize and trivialize the culture. It's toss. Hi I'm Simon. to "Kill Millions/Result in Anarchy" Hyperbolize much? It's troubling & needs resources, not panicky headlines
It is not easy to escape joy of durga puja. Vibrating colors and lustering light, every thing seems to be in their right place. Kelly Marie has just done my makeup in the MAC vip room. Now looking and feeling brand new- just love M.A.C ooh lips in lustering
taking care of my shit wtf have you done lately ... love fight makeup brakeup curse drink sex friends familey money laughter gamble dance music just a few things life ... love fight makeup brakeup curse drink sex friends familey money laughter gamble dance music ... so fucking hot need a shower ...
my hawks kinda sputtered!! we need to be healthy! The Mercedes went for a ride last night. It sputtered and stalled a few times, needs a tune up. Asian stock markets were lower Wednesday as a monthslong rally sputtered and investors waited for clues from th.. i don't know why but my initial enthusiasm for twitter sputtered out big time! Clark Struggles in Loss: The Lion was not exactly alone as the PSU offense sputtered Good thing Rebels aren't play UNR today. Offense has sputtered. Clayton (8-17, 76 yards) so far not very sharp. Couple near INTs The offense has really sputtered since Carlos Brown's second touchdown. says just came back from the MTG Philippine Zendikar Pre-release. 2-0. sputtered to 2-2. Masaya naman ... Maryland just with its best chance of the half, but it sputtered in the end. Still scoreless late as the 89th minute begins toes clinching, she desperately holds in girl giggles that pop out with sputtered smiles as her two feet are tickled by wind swept grass. ...lose it." "I'm trying, I'm trying," she sputtered. "Why are you picking on me, today of all days?" "We're gonna do... federal stimulus -- $20 billion for roads, $5.1 for GSA. Stimulus impact has sputtered -- Young I'm kind of surprised how underwhelmed I am by the Gretzky ordeal. He just kind of sputtered out. I admit, his legacy took a hit in my eyes. haha car sputtered up the driveway but i made it Now wonder Twitter sputtered out a lil' this afternoon. It OD'd on quotations & folks live-blogging Oprah/Jay-Z. Lemme log out. the vampires missed on the first try then sucked a vein so dry it sputtered on the second. Asian stock markets were lower as a monthslong rally sputtered and ...: freightcar America's Q2 net beats es.. Kudos to the guy in the bathroom stall next to me. Sputtered out a string of poop for a solid 10 seconds. Must be a record or something. : Jay-Z apparently got Brand New Eyes from AT&T. Also, you can for H1N1! Addendum: ODST. Trends? Sputtered. : apparently got from Also, you can for H1N1! Addendum: ODST. Trends? Sputtered. $$ Update (0hedge): Daily Highlights: 9.23.09 - Asian stock markets were lower as a monthslong rally sputtered and ... CBCtop: Asian markets lower as rally sputters: Asian stock markets fell Wednesday as a months-long rally sputtered and i Asian markets lower as rally sputters: Asian stock markets fell Wednesday as a months-long rally sputtered an ... Asian markets lower as rally sputters: Asian stock markets fell Wednesday as a months-long rally sputtered and i.. and the glow sputtered out like a bird drenched in oil on a beach I heard someone giving Havlat a verbal BJ at Fandemonium on Saturday, and I sputtered out "FUCK A HAVLAT." I tried to hold back! Truck literally sputtered into the gas station.
Nah, just a depressing realisation. Finance News Rise in input cost, dip in realisation turning things bitter: Rashtriya Chemicals &#38.. 1st timers note! Stock Markets Retreat on Realisation that Fed Could Cut Emergency ... Fantastic to wake up to realisation that my course is over :-) New: Black Cherry darkly elegant earrings: black & red spinel, rhodonite - lovely! oh thanks for the re Sandra Suy's fashion illustrations! xoxo After the realisation that I have at least 30 tits living in the tree in the backyard,today I'm being inundated with blackbirds.At least 10! woke up with the sudden realisation he's now been single for over two years. Time to move up and move on I suppose? Realisation: I'm really navigating an iMac from Hull to Brighton via public Odd realisation. For all the supposed benefit that jstl was supposed to bring to jsp, scriptlets are still the fastest way to get it done. Stock Markets Retreat on Realisation that Fed Could Cut Emergency ... Realisation just hit me that I don't have much time left. The realisation that the stimulus has come to an end is setting the markets up for a decline from the highs right now. Realisation: I really love my school friends. They are amazing, and faar more than enough. (L). Realisation: managed desktop environments which don't give admin permissions to developers yield negative ROI .. and at the same time open ur eyes.. to a realisation which u always knew. but were hesitant to accept... Rise in input cost, dip in realisation turning things bitter $$ i just had this realisation that is the only one who reads ny tweets. on the other hand, i just realised that im going to bed ... To my pleasant realisation, I am discovering Pride and Prejudice and Zombies to be a most charming literary distraction. Stock Markets Retreat on Realisation that Fed Could Cut Emergency ...: Once that kind of mindset sets in, it be.. New blog post: featuring Sandra Suy's amazing fashion illustrations Amy Overwhelmed by the realisation that i can't remember one item a baby needs from nappies! So, finally decided I'd have some twitter - with how trendy I am. Then comes the sad realisation: I have no bloody followers. Shit. .... but people need that space to get to that realisation, to that state of mind... ask yourself .... Neew blog post: featuring Sandra Suy's amazing fashion illustrations >I go read! Neew blog post: featuring Sandra Suy's amazing fashion illustrations gives into the realisation that nobody makes good packs. Got a new one for this trip but it's mediocre. Time to polish up my sewing skills. has just realised she won't see Don until January, and is a little bit gutted- both at that realisation and the tragic-ness of herself Am unsettled by a realisation that online, it sounds as if I'm easily pissed off when in real life I am not. Must take care of how I convey. Playing with depth of field on nikon d90 lay on back shooting feet. Come to realisation that I have some what feminine feet. Good or bad?? That lady that I helped today whom threw racial slurs at me has only given me the realisation that I don't feel like helping anyone anymore it's the absence of cynicism & the realisation that a little faith goes a long way. Just had the horrible realisation that this was almost 16 years ago... half my lifetime, feeling very old again! Accepting other people's flaws is the beginning of peace; it's a realisation that u yourself are not perfect~SHERIA nice one! there's nothing better than the realisation on a Sunday night that you have a Monday off! God bless Glasgow local holidays... Wine time! Realisation: District 9 is a grimy gritty and violent version of Niea Under 7! Well, I've had the moment. And the realisation? I have been alone and will always be. Everything else is a facade to fit into society i just love the whole hero worship bit and the crushing realisation, basically the bits hot fuzz picked up on and parodied I have just succumbed to exactly the same realisation. I fought it for all of one minute. One. realisation i havent watched this weeks true blood yet, must just watch the end of come dine with me first lol it was. She already liked it, and that realisation sealed the deal. The anth/arch dept. at Bristol is so much better than 10PR i'm glad you've come to that realisation! It's not even not bad, dare I say it, it's brilliant! Am fed and watered - have also come to the realisation that when switching to it helps if you take your BB with you! sudden realisation--I haven't had coffee at all today. wow. Odd realisation just now: moving out of a "couples/family only" housing situation to a new flat with my best mate... singledom ... tidied most my room before having this realisation and cant remember what books i've put away. which leaves the unenviable realisation shoved in my face that i don't have anyone to talk to.
Trudging down to the YMCA to pick up Mrs Jaydeem's $2 alarm clock ... When things go wrong, as they sometimes will, When the road your trudging seems all uphill Rest if you must, but don't give up!! terrified. But we're trudging thru. Thx 4 asking! How r u? Back in rockford. I feel but I just did spend an hour trudging, off-trail, over a river (twice) and through the woods. Well the never going back the way it was has set in. Now I just need to keep trudging. My wife was trudging through a creek with me at 7am this morning. She's the best. ugh! completely agree. trudging up to the mtg right now. Is so over honors. feels like i'm trudging through life today, but getting stuck in the mud So after trudging in here at 7am, the boss shows up and says he disagrees with me having to work Sundays. Trudging out in the fall New York rain with bright pink rainboots & a purple Patagonia fleece. I look like Barbie threw up all over me. Yes is right, I would love all the snow! Love trudging through it too! Great workout for the legs! ;) Ahh.. Survival through the stage is getting tough indeed.. but trudging along! Should we attempt mowing or surfing or movies? Still waterlogged from trudging through 4 inch puddles in sandals last night. Just got up went to work to find out no work today, damn now I'm trudging back home salted I will always love her, but I can't go trudging through life as a doormat for a narcissist anymore. this world abounds in crappy friends .. thats the need of trudging alone .. I am trudging to Beckenham Junction to get the train for showdown talks. When things go wrong, as they sometimes will,When the road you're trudging seems all uphill,When funds are low and... *pet* It will pass. And we'll just keep trudging forward. One step at a time. he's all excited about the new edition... all i can picture is the legion of smelly, men trudging through my house for a week. I is up trudging thru work emails. I have no idea how I am going to return to real life. I am miserable. And so not ready... FYI: Trudging thru the Scorpio parking lot in the rain is detrimental to one's hair. I'm trudging on, trying to produce more music. Bah humbug. listening to the same drum pattern over and over again can drive a man mad. Literally trudging through this paper. I'll be happy if I finish it. Oh my goodness. I am trudging my way through David Foster Wallace's Infinite Jest. trudging my way through ODST on my "break" day...recharging my creativity batteries at the same time These days are like trudging through quicksand. When the road you are trudging seems all uphill not bad, trudging at work... After a few days of summer weather today, i am now trudging around town in a thermal hoodie and thick jeans. Fall is finally here. I know it's wrong,but I love trudging through Soho at night,collar up and dark tunes on my iPod. Trudging to SUNY New Paltz for the night to visit Hillary!!! trudging thru & Tyranny Mark Levin--We are living it = Atlas Shrugged Been trudging on a hellacious walk in the wood.....it rained and rained and then everything was floating! Everyone is trudging along With as much dignity, courage And style As they possibly Can. -Hafiz I didn't jog. It was more like trudging. Trudging all the way to Park Slope for a decent bagel is trudging through her story and re-writing of it. Trudging home after todays photowalk. Lisa found a gift for one of my nephews at the first sale. Rain is to come down. We'll keep trudging though. Lisa is a pro at this. brave sensual trudging trudging to the shops with headache *sigh*.... gorgeous day though!! All my problems stem from Granite. trudging through the probs though. Will blog my journey. I'm LOVEING it though. Bob downs uses this as a member. Keep trudging or youll never reach the top. is trudging in the rain with Mama to see how high water has risen near the boundary bridge. Did I say trudging? More like swimming! is stranded at her clinic, she just posted pix and baha there is waist-high also. Thank God/dess I'm not working (?) anymore, otherwise would be trudging through floodwater in Buendia. Still I reach upward and on, and proceed trudging along. Blog Post: Don't Quit - When things go wrong, as they sometimes will, When the road you're trudging Trudging along :)) what a you are. how are things Kushi?
Disclosures more extensive in nature are due before the first time you use the credit card you have applied for, and specific Land Disclosures like Traditional African Beer [Andrew Field] Land Disclosures like Traditional African Beer Did your lender send you all of the required disclosures? Disclosures from astronauts, pilots, CIA agents regarding trips to planets, captured ETs, is of planned deception. Onslaught of disclosures from astronauts, pilots, CIA agents regarding trips to planets, captured ETs, is of planned deception. "Splitting (after Gordon Matta-Clark)" by Susana Reisman - The work in this series, entitled Domestic Disclosures, ... Listing agent doent have copies of disclosures 4their own listing. "At the office, locked away". Probably uses an abacus to count, too everclear can be dangerous. lol disclosures are good. Glad I am making you laugh. :) Greater disclosures may be made must for life insurers: In line with the move, Insurance & Regulatory Devel.. Just read an about disclosures on social networks and HR using them against you. Make sure everything has a dual meaning Hopkins is notoriously coy re: injury disclosures w media. have been staked outside his apt in Morganstown all week. Greater disclosures may be made must for life insurers Greater disclosures may be made must for life insurers Greater disclosures may be made must for life insurers: To bring greater... Gotta get all the disclosures done for my latest sale, then attempt to clean, then pool in the evening. It's gorgeous outside at night! Rep. Shuler's real estate disclosures under fire Mike Ross' campaign contribution disclosures read like a Who's Who of the US Chamber of Commerce. Health, wealth and fuel. I technico in IT, this application will be a very good weapon for disclosures world soon messages in 4 languages You are REQUIRED to go through the 8 Disclosures in each presentation before proceeding to comp plan New release: Improving Consumer Disclosures MFM: if patent disclosures actually taught PHOSITAs something, that would create 10x or 100x more value for society. I am a REALTOR,very active in protecting private rights, the environment& disclosures regarding rad waste in CA. Social networking is counter to leading a noble and pure life.My family values militate against these disclosures. I will lie lots. New York Voluntary Disclosure Program Strikes GOLD! total value of taxpayer disclosures estimated at $106,617,125; see Big Labor insiders like AFL-CIO lawyer and Obama were busily dismantling useful union financial disclosures Did your lender send you all of the required disclosures? Two disclosures in a month glad to say they where both clear :-) "some time needs to elapse b4 disclosures take place" re: Federal Reserve audit & destruction of USD$. "Proposed Increased Disclosures on Risk - IIA Response" -- New post by Don't hold your breath on Federal Reserve Audit: "some time needs to elapse b4 disclosures take place" no official response from govt yet on Iran disclosures but it'll welcome strong words from Obama, Sarkozy&Brown (via Still no official response from govt yet on Iran disclosures but no doubt it will welcome strong words from Obama, Sarkozy&Brown Improving Consumer Disclosures (Housing Issues, Laws and Program) - Nova Science Pub. talk Impact of Mackenzie Phillips' and other stars' incest disclosures Improving Consumer Disclosures (Housing Issues, Laws and Program) - Nova Science Pub. Reading house disclosures...warns of "hazardous trees." As opposed to the friendly, talking Ents from Lord of the Rings? is on the 4th day of trying to get disclosures on a home, some agents are really better than others. Waiting for and reviewing disclosures on several Meanwhile, now previewing a 3BR condo in Duboce Triangle. Edited images may be given disclosures: French parliament are to decide if airbrushed images need warnings to p.. Do you agree with the SEC proposed disclosures and the IIA's suggestions to beef them up? Canadian regulators corresponding with companies whose IFRS preparedness disclosures to date they judge to be inadequate... Canadian regulators corresponding with companies whose IFRS preparedeness disclosures to date they judge to be inadequate... IRS gives a one-time extension of the deadline for svoluntary disclosures by taxpayers Oct. 15, via IRS Extends Deadline for Late FBAR Disclosures The occasional mailing-list bombs that Cisco does with their vulnerability disclosures is quite
7/25/2003 Director John Schlesinger dies. Directed my favorite film: Far From the Madding Crowd. ... Watch the new Nikki Blaze video Musica directed by Caktuz..?13 Can't believe "Tsotsi" was directed by the same guy that directed "Wolverine"! . guess i shouldn't make your mum jokes directed at you anymore then. Good Monday! These movies are kind of female-oriented and you may not like them, but my husband did. Both directed by women. E check out new video SHE GETS IT POPPIN directed by SALUTE ENT FREE Onedotzero Select Vol.2 2004 NTSC MDVDR EVoD: ...directed by mario .. check out new video SHE GETS IT POPPIN-@YOUNGQUEST directed by SALUTE ENT/@STREET_SOLDJERZ BEING DIRECTED TO A CEREMONY--WITH MOLECH??? Those who wish to donate/volunteer for Ateneo Task Force Ondoy, go to College Covered you will be directed and assisted and briefed! Seriously, directed Twitter Spam? The pain with URLs is that you can't know what's on the other end. Those who wish 2 donate/volunteer 4 Ateneo Task Force Ondoy, go 2 College Covered u will be directed, assisted, and briefed. Discover the huge yields your plants will give you if you apply Big Bud, as directed. Honored to be La Staffetta against Women-directed Violence, rowing from Giudecca to Ca Farsetti. I'm a firm believer in what goes around, comez around! your what you say out of your nasty little rotten mouth.This is NOT directed to any1 Another night commin to a close be on the look out for "The Untouchables" mixtape starring trick daddy and the dunk ryders . Directed ... revitalise,realism,rebellion, rebuff,i like this one- REFULGENT(shining very brightly),retrogade(directed or moving backwards) Blue is all color coordinated! - Shree Ashtavinayak Cinevision Ltd's 'BLUE' directed by Anthony D'souza, since anno... I'm troubled by of people defending Roman Polanski. He may have directed one great film, Chinatown, but he's still a pedophile. Mika recently recorded the promo for a new single from his latest album The Boy Who Knew Too Much at directed by Blink Prods FREE Onedotzero Select Vol.2 2004 NTSC MDVDR EVoD: ...directed by mario cavalli on a music video for lemon jell.. i think she says stuff like good morning and good night, and also responds to tweets directed at her all in anime fashion Downey Sr. Directed: Fame (2009): Fame (2009)Directed by:Kevin Tancharoen Writers: Allison Burnett Christopher Gore Starring:Naturi .. Watched Dan Brown's "Angels & Demons": Tom Hanks, Ewan McGregor and directed by Ron Howard. Loved it. The National Parks: America's Best Idea is a six-episode series directed by Ken Burns. google directed me to your page when i was searching for bossini. i'm looking for ways to get the bowl set w/o spending $600! Youuuuu Goo Tooo Sleeeep Girl!!!! =) && Yes This Is Directed Toooo Yooh Ahha Tue 28 Sept-Sat 3 Oct Hot Mikado; an electrifying show that will have your toes tapping & fingers clicking, directed by Craig Revel Horwood 250,000 atom netbooks going to schools in sydney.. if ur an intel app store developer, move is to build apps directed to these teens! X Factor's Lucie Jones 'to appear in film with Michael Sheen': The film, Submarine, is directed by .. J The S - Dear Dr. Dre [Directed by Dunn] > [The Tom Brady of New England Hip Hop Register now for Long Beach Hero's Run 2009 or arunner!Proceeds will be directed to GK areas affected by d Typhoon Ondoy. Register now for Long Beach Hero's Run 2009 or arunner! Proceeds will be directed to GK areas affected by the Typhoon Ondoy. Last comment directed towards , haha. This company, directed by a Top Performer, will show Historic Growth and cool but I watched dexter. And wouldn't care what u thought honestly. That's kind of why it was directed to...,,.@facdaniels that last tweet is pretty much directed at cos she has alot of music :L New Directed Energy Center to Impact Future Weapons for Naval and Joint Forces - Ashlee Simpson would do wonderfully in a David Lynch movie. Seriously, I watch the acting on Melrose Place (2.0) and think Lynch directed it Ashlee Simpson's would do wonderfully in a David Lynch movie. Seriously, I watch Melrose place and think Lynch directed it. what was that wha directed towards again? lol So Angel Beats! is a P.A. Works project directed by Seiji Kishi, it could be worse... Ashwini (Story ofAshwinin Nachappa-Sprinter) was directed by him. PKS.. watch it again to see crazy mohan & mouli at their peak Disney turned down Anne Frank movie directed by David Mamet. Hope they reconsider... Neighbor problem solved, wife out there before I could put on my shoes. Always pleased when her anger directed at someone other than me. SUNDAY LAST DAY FOR A FUNDAY...CHECK OUT NEW SOUTHERN CALI VIDEO I DIRECTED FOR O TREES ON MY PAGE OR ...
Now I'm half watching telly. 60minutes on TV3. Story about Garido's depravity. Sick stuff. I'm making another coffee n toastie sandwich... "Descend Into Depravity" is completely amazing. The deranged right-wing finally goes off the deep end, not even bothering to conceal its depravity. Sure it's easy to bash the Clinton years ... all that peace and prosperity. Tsk! DISGUSTING DEPRAVITY I tell you! Building a new pc for sal. My inner nerd is tingling. Soon the dreaded trip to will take place, a den of customer service depravity. Watching a segment on American Nazis. Racism and hate crimes should convince anyone of the depravity of man and the existence of the devil. Current depravity: Flashbacks, anyone? (the dance lesson edition) Dying Fetus - Descend into Depravity - 2009 (new album) Jesus purchased me even though I had been in a head on collision with depravity and looked nothing like I was intended to look. Jazz Gillum "Reefer Head Woman" (Viper Mad - Dope & Depravity) Listening to: Suffocation - Depths of Depravity If you're entirely with seeing depravity unmasked (in yourself and in others) then missions is not for you (2 Cor 4:6) listening - Evisceration Plague and - Descend Into Depravity. rules! \m/ listening - Evisceration Plague and - Descend Into Depravity. rules! \m/ Blue Lady tea works wonders when suffering from the mid-morning sleep depravity stares. Getting a shower then going to bed. Sleep depravity sucks. Your depravity has reached a new low. That was really bad :-) I beat the depravity drum far too much. mildly lamenting not seeing what a rave is like; wildly anticipating the celebration of devin's final recklessness in fantastic depravity You saw my depravity and You loved me anyway, that is REAL Love You saw my depravity and You loved me anyway, that is REAL Love The depravity of man. He took mine brother, my depravity would have kept me from giving that over to him, depravity never moves towards Life. He chose the time slot; U need a REALITY check as U SPEW NOTHING MORE THAN LIBERAL PROPAGANDA JUSTIFYING YOUR OWN DEPRAVITY! Learning a lot about human depravity at dinner. Feeling prepared for Mass tomorrow. Thinks culture truly brings out the depravity in people and really questioning if Christians should be involved Bill Maher's "New Rules" this week: 3 minutes of depravity, then: 4 brilliant minutes on the state of the USA Fascinating: Bill Maher's "New Rules" this wk: 3 mins of depravity, then: 4 brilliant minutes on the state of the USA "the doctrine of total human depravity has always had a funny way of emboldening, rather than humbling, its adherents" According the the rules of Logic(ie the rules of reality) Free Will and total depravity violate the law of non-contradiction So at this point are willing to now try & prove to me that a belief in total depravity is inappropriate? Tomorrow @ CrossWay: We'll never grasp the full beauty of grace until we have grasped the ugliness of depravity. The gospel changes things. Ur belief in Christ is not evil your belief in total depravity is evil. Man is born evil & can do no good w/out God. We r born in to depravity. Thru Christ's righteousness r we made acceptable. When are you going to post some twitpics of Folsom depravity? Anonymity is almost always a license for depravity. dwell on fact He had 2 die cause of my depravity He loves us so// so true.. Good stuff dwell on fact He had 2 die cause of my depravity He loves us so not as big, and not as clever as (via whoah new levels if food depravity - that's a killer! not as big, and not as clever as... (via :- whoah new levels if food depravity Just blocked some porno Luanne! Really, life is too beautiful to paint to get down to such depravity! Keep on painting! Sunday AM: Human Depravity Conquered by the Grace of God [PDF] by Mark Fitzpatrick You've never known true depravity until you've ventured into the Supernatural kink memes. Thank god I have other people to do it for me. A thanks to our old chums at the Dog and Pony Show...Check out their depravity at I haven't seen a movie this in years. Insanity, depravity, and incest as the cherry on top. Bleh.
Anyone need a big 2 bed in Astoria. Real cheap too. lease is up and sub leasers are moving to Canada. the leasers don't return my calls. they just ninja their way into the lesee's house and fix our toilet. everyday an... the leasers don't return my calls. they just ninja their way into the lesee's house and fix our toilet. everyday an adventure.
ha'ah..but not transferable to humans they catch it through bites masa gaduh apparently.mainly in male cats. Really? Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome in felines?! Maak! Transferable to humans tak? I'd go with the legs thing. Surely it's a transferable skill. I wish sleep were transferable. I slept nearly all day Saturday, and almost not sleeping tonight. Transferable Nil-Rate Band: Incompletely Constituted NRB Discretionary Will Trust: Matthew Hutton MA, CTA (fell.. Stats is the one thing that actually fits the college's pedagogical mantra of "transferable skill" Did you know that crb checks arnt transferable betwween schools? So a parent who is a midday superviser in one school but her children go lol are the tickets transferable my kids would love it there...lol only kidding. How old mine are boy 3 & girl 8? What are the transferable skills that are popular with graduate recruiters there was a sale; a few of us bought train tix to travel together. Sale isn't transferable. And now buses sold out. ugh. Aren't train tickets supposed to be transferable? And why are you even messing with train fares? No Bolt Bus for you? I don't think they will...biggest prob not transferable between organisations who actually has ownership...may have changed now Found through Playing in sandpit not only transferable skill, but ACTUAL skill:Ukraine's Got Talent(youtube) Veterans complain of GI Bill aid delay: Benefits, which are transferable to a veteran's spouse or children,.. I was just saying that to see what kind if response I would get... Re/ the soul... That's none transferable Sufjan got what he was after w the 200 non-transferable ticket plan: a rapt crowd, eating new songs out of his hand. quoting Bernadette Doyl: "Look for transferable wisdom, no matter how tight your niche." Someone looking for work on Kijiji cites having WHMIS training as a benefit. WHMIS is site-specific/non-transferable. Check iTunes TOS 34a... apps are non-transferable. Which begs the question: are "your" apps even yours? Identifying And Making The Most Of Your Transferable Skills: Thinking about the future and confused. If I continue with ILS I'd always have transferable skills, but I want to do reference... Sony's just revealed that old UMD-based PSP games will NOT be transferable to the $250 PSPgo... that's not good: ... Just saw your message on my phone. VIP is not transferable. You have to tell them name of person for will call. And also remember that registrations are non-transferable. Anyone know if the vip is transferable? i still dont have a tic to ac or even know he i can in yet. But dont want to miss out buying tic Nice find!!! A custom google search of primary source Content is Amer but idea is transferable. A custom google search of primary source Content is American, but idea is transferable. major fuckin fail Sony's just revealed that old UMD-based PSP games will NOT be transferable to the PSPgo Whoa! What is Sony thinking! Sony's just said that UMD-based PSP games will NOT be transferable to the PSPgo Sony's just revealed that old UMD-based PSP games will NOT be transferable to the PSPgo... that's not good: Sony's just revealed that old UMD-based PSP games will NOT be transferable to the $250 PSPgo... that's not good: Using Transferable Skills to Help You Get a Job: Simple and transferable idea from / a friend is works there! Simple and transferable idea from / Good money/Transferable skills (LowerMainland): Description As an member of our sales team, your main foc.. In Dave's Garden talk. I've been member for years, interesting nuts&bolts info. But not sure info is transferable to any other sites. Identifying And Making The Most Of Your Transferable Skills Making it transferable didn't help me any! blogTO The wacky mess that is the TTC Metropass Identifying And Making The Most Of Your Transferable Skills Best buy cheap Microsoft MSN Direct One-Time Payment Subscription (Service Non-transferable) Other products by MSN... Identifying And Making The Most Of Your Transferable Skills: Many times, when we???re applying for jobs, we thi.. Resume Reviewing Tip - Review History. Note directly applicable experiences, but also consider how other experiences may be transferable. Identifying And Making The Most Of Your Transferable Skills: Many times when were applying for jobs we think ab.. DO YOU WANT A SECURE FUTURE WITH TRANSFERABLE SKILLS? New on Single Transferable Vote and Electoral Reform, let us know what you think! ....will the new SF OS be backwards transferable to 'old' 5th edition handsets such as the N97? Thanks Fuck that, no one kisses her but me and for me, not even goddamn transferable pretend kisses. La mia bella ragazza is mine
'Students can be torchbearers in promoting renewable energy' - MorungExpress Christian to share his story Sunday: Satish John, director of Himalayan Torchbearers Christian Bible Sc.. Today's children are our torchbearers for tomorrow. They imitate us in all we do so we must show good example to them. are u shocked? That's what women do...we are like the torchbearers of judgement and denial.
-Bolton Council Launches uk's First Multi-Purse Card with an ... Talking' by Rory O'Neill, EMEA alliance marketing at RIM Choices food label is marketing fraud; Tufts University involvement questioned Go as a whore? Both options covered. A businesswoman with an open mind and an adventurous spirit who is not afraid to go where people tell her not to go. rollin in at 2:30 a.m. with school first thing in the morning is never Comment on Free ESET NOD32 AntiVirus and Security Valid User Name and Password with Unlimited 3 Months Se.. Bored idk why I am up, maybe I should go workout or something which I don't think is so since I am so sore :: shrug :: Be and Compare Gas and Electricity Usage Easily GOOD MAN> I think Is a mad now I haven't decide yet whoever have the best plan I will get Thats funny his moms tryin to get him snipped! lady. IMO more men should be snipped for the general populations sake Lol! post on your FB wall as well. PINOY texters,u cn help:PNRC donation via SMS:txt RED<space>AMOUNT to tnx lol thats :P Bcuz most us (men) r a lil less mature than u all(women anyway; even the 1s. Sad but true. Thx 4 reply. Menn don't know NOTHING about donkeys.. they're as hell! LoL trust me! than him prolly.. Ugly 2 I'm sure you're and once you get the hang of it then it's easy i love my gf, she is too HAHAHAH LOL love ya babe college does not make you New: Disk Doctors Email Backup for Windows Vista! Check it! oh im too for this stupid school laptop,ive found my way around the blocked sites. >:) The only reason dysfunctional families work is cause there is always the hot good lookin funny sexy2 good son/brother. Me Heey, NEW posted: The 10 reasons why men Fail With Women not very Insider Reveals Five Quick, Slick & Zero-Cost Secret Techniques That Net Him $13,150 For Just 2 Hours Of Work! Wise strategy for investors - caz im just assuming that you werent enough to put purple nail polish on, avoiding getting it on your iphone ;) NIST released its grid standards road map, revealing close to 80 standards to serve as the building blocks for the nascent industry. i haven't been these days... BE WISE!! not every child can do exam and pass even if they are or not. Of course it hlps 2 hve parents Walk out the door and be lke see ya, I'm going away for 50 years. You take care and I wonder if you'll ever find anyone as as me If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get just in time to ask questions? You are a guy ain't ya.. can't you make a monday doesn't excist machine? So we never experience a monday? Gooooooood Morning Fam, Guess who is going 2 Get bck inbed and act like its all a dream,;) U guys so Yes Me...lol c-ya Fwd: You can donate to the Phil. National Red Cross via text. text RED<space>AMOUNT to 2899 (Globe) or 4483 Gooooooood Morning Fam, Guess who is going 2 Get bck and bed and act like its all a dream,;) U guys so Yes Me...lol c-ya How can so many otherwise people be so wrong? o ok ass.. i wanna hear it n ur words.. gay I thought I was lol . Let down. I am actually from melbs so I dunno these things James keep hearing people say Kraft are stupid for naming iSnack 2.0, maybe the name was meant to make a stir. Every1 is talking, they are News: O2 loses it's iPhone exclusivity. Orange will soon be selling the iconic phone in the UK. We have enough youth. How about a fountain of New post: "Samsung Android Phone Nothing Special" - House you know ass! Bolton Council Launches uk's First Multi-Purse Card with an ... Since my mom won't let me go outside this is the least I can do: text RED<space>AMOUNT to 2899 (Globe) or 4483 LET'S ALL HELP.
O-o <--- see da red dilated pupils der?!? :D who are those lucky pupils? :) So all u pupils on here n I can't get no ideas on videos to watch?! Ya'll should know I'm cursing each one of u right now! :-) via Do naughty pupils make good teachers? reading this written in story form :D ahh so sweat :) how old ~ was the pupils? ^^ I'm all good, ta! Still think all your pupils are great this year? Novelty not worn off yet? :-) Timmy's cute question of the day: ''What color are the nipples in my eyes?'' meaning pupils. :-)
"There's no word to describe it... Schmooblydong? That's not it, but it's pretty close." if only he liked summer heights high as much as we do. YES! without sunglasses though. Think we can get trending on Saturday? Let's go for it! Hell, even I'D watch that! She should be in a skit but NOT as herself, let Kristen Wig impersonate her or something o god, lady gaga is on SNL next week ?! please, please put her in a skit. tell him i said herro and to crimb up the beanstark. and then beech slap him for having lipstick on his collar from the china man. About to head out to Justin's place to jam with him & Cassandra, then Natura, and then I don't know. Happy mother fucking to there is confidence, there is arrogance & then there is egomania ...I value the 1st, the other two? well...where is that baseball bat? Had a blast hanging out with and his crew last night note to self come to Orlando more often sadly O is so entrenched in his egomania it probably won't ever cross his mind that you can't defeat nukes w/rhetoric Driving around Orlando with & while rocking to Girl Anachronism for the first time in a long while. indeed I did! Thanks! ;-) Burning a few of my 22-song Demo CDs for the Networking tonight @ Club 57 West. :) um... where can i hear? nice! i've never heard that song. how is it? thanks for reminding me! i ended up losing the paypal receipts and didn't know who wanted what :( you said "truce", right? did you ever cover he DD song for me for donating money to you? Watch "Egomania", the Channel 4 (UK) documentary about narcissism Heading out to go to a jam session with Cassandra, Justine, and a few other awesome music peoples. Listen to the song Cassandra & I just recorded! "Mis Zapatos Son Rojos" It sounds like there are monkeys mating in the background of Cassie's song. Recording Cassandra's song "Mis Zapatos Son Rojos!" ... to coffee! Recording Cassandra's song "Mis Zapatos Son Rojos!" Oh man! Have fun :D John C. Riley is going to be at HHN tonight and doing a TV broadcast in my scare zone. FF cont since I'm feeling the love: - <3 & haha yes! i love the demo versions of "the con" songs :) "Where've you been, beech? Where've you bloody been?" Played the most amazing set tonight with Cassie & E.J. Maybe we'll perform as our little sometimes band again for G.L.O.W.? LJ book? It's not elitism or egomania to that if you eat enough junk food, your health will suffer. LOL who is Candidate Egomania? Is that the same as Candidate Landgrabber? Know anything about Candidate General? is performing now. Getting ready to go in a few :) Going with to see at Natura! This is neat. performed a cover of "Justin's Song" (the song formerly known as 'Three Month's Later') Guitar has been re-strung. Heading out to see perform her quick set at 8:45, at THEN EPICNESS AT 10:30! For those who listened to & I on the radio show earlier, what did you think of our performances? & the "Mushaboom" cover? Everyone should come out to Natura Coffee & Tea tonight for Open Mic! I'm performing from 10:30-11 with Cassandra Wilcox & The Fire Puppets. Thanks to everyone who tuned into The Freak Show on WNSC. Cassie & I had tons of fun being guest DJs. I'll try to get the MP3 of the show :) a little bit ;) Cassandra Wilcox & I are going to be guest DJs/performing on WNSC Radio in 5 minutes! Tune in & please have you been listening to 'gina? *wink* you have an amazing voice btw and i really like late night conversation. xo 1) Take Iris to daycare. 2) Help with some GLOW flyers. 3) Practice for tonite (10:30 w/E.J. on drums. 4) Radio Show @ 5! Well now that's just penisy. Nothing cheers me up quite like working on a Blink Kitty Love finding ways to myself w/ language...ah, the pluses of egomania This makes me LOL. Nickelodeon kids song infused with gangster rap. you know i looooooove to shank you. And by love, I mean that wants to shank me until I bleed. Be jealous. loves me:
i hate wen girls have like a 'pouch' of fat....its so nasty then it jiggles the WORST!! He walks like such a cunt...switching just so that his butt jiggles Heehee. Is it possible that a company actually has the slogan "the best wiggle are at jiggles" ? Don real decent low isn't due til 11/1 IMO, jiggles in between then and now; really nice selling wave 2nd week of Oct. MKT: SIMON says next real low comes in around 11/1 but too much runway to do it all it right here; confusing jiggles until 10-19 Oct., then Tease!! Ran 2 miles with We on the workout plan. I kinda liked the way my booty jiggles in my spandex. Ran 2 miles with We on the workout plan. I kinda liked the way my booty jiggles in my spandex. Hate the way my fat jiggles while riding the bus [909's and Kickin it] ay tomorrow everyone slap stephon, his face jiggles. ... So, I'm never wearing these pajamas again cuzzz Kyleigh and Jordan are making fun of the way my butt jiggles. How embarassing. :P good...cuz I luv em!!!! Tell jiggles and jangles I said wut up!! I miss buryin my face n em:) I may need to replace Chubs before the contract is up yet. His charger jiggles in it's slot and won't charge consistently. It's simple, if it jiggles it's fat. me bro is a fatty and jerk when i poke him belly he jiggles FluidMaster toilet tank levers, for eliminating actual toilet handle jiggles. Yoiks! So much to hate in 1 product. When i lay on the floor and laugh, my ass jiggles Jiggles and Giggles ... a great indoor playground for kids' Nice and clean! Sapa ni nduty??? Hayooo ndutyy i love you, always. *kisskiss* (via uhuuyy!! *jiggles* i love you, always. *kisskiss* (via uhuuyy!! *jiggles* Washington BBW/BHM friends are crossing the border to come to JIGGLES opening night...OCTOBER 15th!!!! YAY!!! Hope ... That's the guy - more convulses than jiggles, though Running my bum because it jiggles Why does my head feel like jello when it jiggles? mr.jiggles is the dumbest movie. hahh with wade justin hannah and dreww. funny night that's messed up u said he don't dance he jiggles *jiggles it* i like that kind of shit. keep it up baby and i might give you a number. :) ---> yup I'd say The HBO Boxing slow cam is GREAT!!! When Arreola gets hit all of his fat jiggles, LOL!!!! The HBO Boxing slow cam is GREAT!!! When Arreola gets hit all of his fat jiggles, LOL!!!! Just remove it in iTunes and sync your phone. It should be gone. Or press the icon on the iPhone until it jiggles and touch t ... "He of jiggles in places he shouldn't jiggle in" LOL! LUV those boxing commentators.Vitali still should have won against LL.! Damn cut! I don't like moobs or jiggly guts. If I have a super flat tum, you should be ripped too. Jiggles is for jello. then its a good outfit lol I'm dressed! my butt jiggles too much in this outfit though lmao...what you want me to say :jiggles tatas: then...lol if your back jiggles, it may be time to reconsider what you're wearing. try something that actually fits....thats all. 'Tis a fine booty that, once kicked, jiggles like thine own vat of Jell-O. 'Tis a fine booty that, once kicked, jiggles like thine own vat of Jell-O. My arm jiggles!! I'm cool like haha Washington BBW/BHM friends are crossing the border to come to JIGGLES opening night...OCTOBER 15th!!!! YAY!!! Hope you can make it too!!! Woohoooo Washington BBW/BHM friends are crossing the border to come to JIGGLES opening night...OCTOBER 15th!!!! YAY ... Woohoooo Washington friends are crossing the border to come to JIGGLES opening night...OCTOBER 15th!!!! YAY!!!!!!!! ... oh dear. my mate txt 2 say watch theCube coz in the slow mo, a of her body jiggles... what great friends i have *rolls eyes* its simple, if it jiggles its fat 22:07 - Customer jiggles loose change as he stares at various flavours of potato chip. In some sick way it makes me happy that even Cox jiggles. Wary of the elevator. "What do you mean let you know if it 'jiggles'?!" lol... its got bounce to it :) like when u smack it, it jiggles... hahaha... I dont have those solid rock hard bootys - Market Jiggles Take A Toll On Chinese ADRs
My Iphone is stuck in it's charger and needs surgery - please pass the scapel and hemostats - it's doable but it ain't goin' to be pretty.
god, help me to be a grown up, a productive person, who takes care of herself, and prioritizes, who walks into 'university' with no fear... maybe gibo prioritizes other comm channels than twitter, that's not being flippant, that's just being practical. Lois DeFleur isn't someone who prioritizes education excellence. Binghamton was once a respected academic institution, but it lost its way. Nubli automatically prioritizes your emails and is coming soon on hand held devices. We seek Business Development "At least you have your health." & anything that prioritizes spell-check ahead of community Mayor Jackson prioritizes sustainability - New EPA Materials mgmt=42% US GHG. Prioritizes waste reduction, recycling, improved product design. I do not believe that any system that prioritizes dollars over people can ever be trusted, and must be changed. Nubli prioritizes based on contact and email priorities and much more. Intelligent algorithm GO recently developed a station access strategy that prioritizes pedestrian, cycling, and local transit access to our stations The body prioritizes itself for water-brain is first and the colon is last. Drink half your body weight of H2O in ounces (150 lb =>75 oz) Mine prioritizes Beatles songs. I like the Beatles, but c'mon now! I like how Google Maps prioritizes showing names of locations over the street names... Cant blame her id laugh at the fool who prioritizes tweetin over safe walkin 2! Haha that is my order but it may vary for others. prioritizes the DJ fir instance ... morning see u at reign? Mad Men: OMG: We know she prioritizes her appearance and must have spent a good chunk of her salary.. it's because there's no time to think so the brain prioritizes and focuses. Too much time to think and things drag ass. I love how my brain prioritizes doing dishes above taking a nap. Thanks brain. Prioritizes wrk flow 2! - glad we're on same pg! TweetDeck def'y organizes/simplifies ur Tweet Traffic! you're not off. Distrust of govt is natural/heatlhy. I just think we need a system that prioritizes care over profits. Net neutrality is a way to "shape" traffic. It prioritizes data packets. To shape is to control. So, who has the control. Scary. "it when someone prioritizes you yesterday..but made you feel that you are the least THING today."
Can someone tell me why zombie dogs are either Dobermans or Rottweilers? My aunt breeds dobermans. I asked her why she didn't diversify her line for health reasons. She thought I was crazy. I wish dog hair were valuable. I'd be rich. 8 Dobermans = 2 German shepherds = 1 Akita. is creeping out a dog by staring at him. do dobermans freak out if you stare at them? I used to have Dobermans. Try to get puppy before they trim their ears. Better for puppy if they don't get like that. Yay, Dobermans!!! My dogs are all indoors. I know this is sad, but it works, dobermans can climb fences "Sleep Researchers Create Insomniac Mice". Seriously! Its not as funny as narcoleptic dobermans FYI, Paper and Parker are descendants of Crayon. Both are purebred Dobermans. Our brood has truly expanded! Can't wait for more! ^_^ this guys breath smelled so bad I blinked & gasped everytime he got near me while his 2 dobermans harrassed me.... why they show pictures of dobermans they have their teeth bared looking ferocious? teah is looking so cute fast asleep shes no monster! An Issue of Breed or Responsible Ownership? NYC Housing Authority Tightens Restriction to include Dobermans, Pit Bulls, and Rotties. htt ... my friend has always had Dobermans, most intelligent with loving personalties. Stop by and visit the rescue dogs! We have plenty, Giant Schnauzers, Dobermans, Mini Schnauzers, and Giant mixes. I have to go take care of those damn dobermans, I should've planned today better, I just left Beverly Dobermans are the Cadillac of dogs! :) Does anyone remember when Pitbulls and Rottweilers didnt exist? The scariest dogs in the neighborhood were Dobermans...named King LOL! You know I think that if the dobermans on the corner could get past their anger at having to protect such an ugly house we could be friends. This is Logic 101. All Doberman 's are dogs but not all dogs are Dobermans. Dobermans can be war/attack guard dogs & very protective when threatened! The neighbors have two mini dobermans. They have high-pitched squeaky, yippie, barks. I want to kick them whenever they're outside. Just added myself to the twitter directory under: How to train dobermans - professional tips: Out of control to obedient doberman that always listens. How to train dob.. ...rolled over the low stone wall around the and greeted the snarling Dobermans with his wrists bared. The blood... why do dobermans want to take duvets and leave fluffy little clouds arround ones bedroom I have 4, 2 Dobermans, a Bichon and a Maltese. Love em all!! NICE! You ARE a dog lover! I appreciate that, thanks. btw, Dobermans are bred to look mean, but they have one of the sweetest temperments in a dog. Dobermans shot dead after mauling 3yo (ABC) he's good thanks :) i've had fun stalking dobermans on fb. haha how's your summer? Dobermans shot dead after mauling 3yo The bodies of two doberman dogs will be examined how is it that two dobermans can look at a man on a bike with total disinterest while a toy poodle suddenly fancies itself a brave hunter? I dunno - Dobermans (Dobermen?) are pretty darn cute. Was also walking with the kids. That only aggravated it. DOG: Here's a halftime promotion: Mailman races! Dress contestants up like mailmen release the Dobermans!
Make the paper signing fun.How about stamping them? :D Irreverently. <---BRILLIANT!!! Love it!! Make the paper signing fun. You are going to have to do it for 8 more months. How about stamping them? :D Irreverently.
Free spirits unite. each other. Defy convention. Cultivate a tribe of nonconformity. Help each other turn dreams into reality. I just spent about 40 minutes reading "The of Nonconformity" at -- amazing stuff... think i told u about "The Day of Nonconformity" CTO add bday & click explore this day, week, way links The of Nonconformity & How to Be Awesome Football player to cheerleader- "your family is cool- it has a lineage of nonconformity and originality." Hahaha oh cw... google "the of nonconformity" he has some tips for making a buck (referencing the starving thing) google "the of nonconformity" he has some tips for making a buck (referencing the starving thing) Watching: The of Nonconformity Under Wisconsin law, a nonconformity is a condition or defect which (1) substantially impairs the use, value or... I am a my is "The of Nonconformity" NEITHER HAVE I:D yay for nonconformity Wanna know a secret?I've never seen/read any of the Harry Potters.&i dont plan on it Pouring through the archives at the of Nonconformity: I've done it. I've made the choice to be remarkable.
Simply asking a CA Notary to notarize something you know to be false is a crime! Don't do it! I am a champion procrastinator. can you notarize that for me? You sign it. We notarize it. We can also record it for you at the County Clerk's Office. Best of all: We Come To You! you watch football?? Can you notarize stuff for me? I eat too much, tweet too much and too much! But, I Notarize like nobodies business! Sending your kid out of town? We Notarize medical care/permission slips/financial authorization forms all the time! i want a MAN NOT A CHILD!!!!!! stamp that, notarize it, and understand it! :) Simply asking a CA Notary to notarize something you know to be false is a crime! Don't do it! Sending your kid out of town? We Notarize medical care/permission slips/financial authorization forms all the time! make sure you put that you in your will and notarize it ;-) Sending your kid out of town? We Notarize medical care/permission slips/financial authorization forms all the time! Sending your kid out of town? We Notarize medical care/permission slips/financial authorization forms all the time! Simply asking a CA Notary to notarize something you know to be false is a crime! Don't do it! I eat too much, tweet too much and too much! But, I Notarize like nobodies business! Simply asking a CA Notary to notarize something you know to be false is a crime! Don't do it! I eat too much, tweet too much and too much! But, I Notarize like nobodies business! Excuse me. I'm having a fit of efficiency.... AND...I notarize too! Sending your kid out of town? We Notarize medical care/permission slips/financial authorization forms all the time! Ohhh, lol. Yea its for my notary commission. I hope they hurry the hell up with getting me re-comissioned so I can notarize again Simply asking a CA Notary to notarize something you know to be false is a crime! Don't do it! Why don't the put the cheese powder on cheetos on the inside? (Copyright 2009 Ryan Schade) can you notarize this tweet? No. Just sign it and send it in. Mary will notarize them. Good question since I hadn't even looked at her folder yet. Sending your kid out of town? We Notarize medical care/permission slips/financial authorization forms all the time! I eat too much, tweet too much and too much! But, I Notarize like nobodies business! I eat too much, tweet too much and too much! But, I Notarize like nobodies business! a client tries to get me to notarize a spanglish doc that keeps mentioning notario publico...I tell her its jail time and 75k fine... You sign it. We notarize it. We can also record it for you at the County Clerk's Office. Best of all: We Come To You! I'd never refuse to Notarize documents because you are ugly-I would refuse because you don't have Valid ID [ugliness is just a coincidence!] WTF so I'm a notary n I gotta go drive somewhere to notarize somtin.. Yall should come to me Dam it I eat too much, tweet too much and too much! But, I Notarize like nobodies business! Excuse me. I'm having a fit of efficiency.... AND...I notarize too! I eat too much, tweet too much and too much! But, I Notarize like nobodies business! I wish after this I was going straight home to lay down but I have to go notarize a permission slip for jen to go on the disney cruise. You sign it. We notarize it. We can also record it for you at the County Clerk's Office. Best of all: We Come To You! I'd never refuse to Notarize documents because you are ugly-I would refuse because you don't have Valid ID [ugliness is just a coincidence!] Excuse me. I'm having a fit of efficiency.... AND...I notarize too! 10 bucks to notarize a form, 15 bucks for a land title. I eat too much, tweet too much and too much! But, I Notarize like nobodies business! Bout to go notarize some documents... (I got 100 ways to make a grip) I eat too much, tweet too much and too much! But, I Notarize like nobodies business! Take it from me: Something Special at 51 MacDougal just below Houston will notarize the HECK out of your documents! i gotta clean the room but i dont want 2 but when the fax comes i gotta go find a bank & notarize it Sending your kid out of town? We Notarize medical care/permission slips/financial authorization forms all the time! I just arrived from Hall of Justice just to notarize my affidavit of loss, only 50 bucks! And they think I'm cousin of Iza Calzado, why? You sign it. We notarize it. We can also record it for you at the County Clerk's Office. Best of all: We Come To You! New Event Listed : Sep 25, 2009: Become A New Jersey Notary Public and Learn How to Notarize a.. Excuse me. I'm having a fit of efficiency.... AND...I notarize too! For those who dont want medical treatment dvlpd via lab animals Form to sign & notarize, then add to your doctor's files. Trying to find a notary public on campus. Stupid NIH credit union refuse to notarize documents now. Grrr.
60-Minutes/Van Fair poll found half of U.S chose as the institution that symbolized US Dining out was luxury they hate to sacrifice BEST!! Aries is symbolized by the Ram. You're initiating, bold & impatient, your fiery nature making you irresistib ... Aries is symbolized by the Ram. You're initiating, bold & impatient, your fiery nature making you irresistible & exciting.... Watching the wizard of oz ya gotta love watching a government symbolized film lol One Shell Square, c. 1972, symbolized the apex of the 70s oil boom, standing at 697 feet tall. Simultaneous erection of the International Trade & the Plaza Tower in 1966 symbolized the increasing oil-related wealth in NOLA. "L'instinct de - Police labeled him "public enemy," he enjoyed rock-star popularity, symbolized rebellion I find it fascinating the folks without a strong church connection still want the grace of the church symbolized by baptism for the children Remember when we had the STD talk & the donut symbolized a girl's vagina & the sprinkles were herpes? Yeahh. The fall of the Berlin Wall because of everything the event symbolized. "Tear down this wall!" Ahhh, so in the book of Numbers their was a sect of Israelites who symbolized their consecration by growing out their hair.. That's intense. The degradation of the inner life is symbolized by the fact that the only place sacred from interruption is the private toilet-Lewis Mumford - Hillel Cooperman contrasts working @ MSFT (symbolized by image of boat) w/ doing a Yeah, nickelback's 1st song symbolized everything wrong with the music industry and mass engineered radio Brian Westbrook If there were ever a guy who symbolized why I write this column, it would be Brian Westbrook. W.. oh, that's a relief. I apologize for misinterpreting what 'hashtag' symbolized. I get all of strange offers in this place. To me, discovery an income for life that symbolized a pinnacle of success. To me, discovery an income for life that symbolized a pinnacle of success. To me, discovery an income for life that symbolized a pinnacle of success. To me, discovery an income for life that symbolized a pinnacle of success. To me, discovery an income for life that symbolized a pinnacle of success. To me, discovery an income for life that symbolized a pinnacle of success. To me, discovery an income for life that symbolized a pinnacle of success. I'd like to know why "private" is symbolized with an eye. Private eye? Makes me nervous about my entries :\ The cross symbolized: 1) loss of life & sacrifice, 2)the weight of going against the grain of society 3) vulnerability & humiliation Shout OUts to Quanna MC for guessing what the Picture symbolized. REALLLLLLL tough. Good Job! Free ... An actual Satanic trinity would be symbolized by an three pointed star of the configuration seen in the trademark of Mercedes Benz: established but often extraneous opposing premises symbolized by lateral two points. In the Order of the Trapezoid sigil these "two sides to - Jesus is a Master of Wisdom. He came to teach us the Love of God. His life symbolized the evolution ... I am a Cancer . . . symbolized by the Crab. So when I am MAD . . . I go in my shell. B\C ppl tend to get on my FUCKING nerves.! Oct. 20th.! Coming tommorow.. I'm going to be playing tracks that symbolized "gangsta-rap". And I pay tribute to the songs that made you bop your head. I'll be honest, I don't actually like that song very much. I think Felix would be better symbolized by some symphony. Symbolized conformity, resistance and eventually succumbing. Industrialism wins. Astrology - Sun in Cancer, Am I Safe With You?- In astrology, Cancer is symbolized by the crab; remember the Crab h... So pleased that mum brought cookies to school for us (::) jo thought this symbolized the matrix, idgi. - The penny that once symbolized Jacks is now gone.... Since love is an energy symbolized by the events that take place around us, it is to be responsible for our own love. Mabel Iam Commission candidates back green initiatives - Florida Keys News: Red, white and blue have always symbolized Ame.. make decisions, we will live in a more harmonious manner and be of the universal order symbolized by the star-laden web. "local gathering in the NT might better be symbolized by a circle than rows of chairs. Architecture preaches ecclesiology." Fall Equinox: equal day and night all over the planet. Perfect balance btw light & dark symbolized by the Sun's entry in2 Libra the Scales Fall Equinox, there is equal day and night all over the planet. Perfect balance symbolized by the Sun's entry in Libra the Scales. is symbolized by the Sun's entry into the sign of Libra the Scales, beginning a time of year when we reexamine our relationships :) An Online World, Free of Discrimination...: The election of Barack Obama symbolized a huge leap forward for raci.. An Online World, Free of Discrimination...: The election of Barack Obama symbolized a huge leap forward for raci.. In allegories of scribes' tools (Book of Kells exhibit), apparently ink symbolized humility. So ironic considering gen-permanence of ink!
Banned Librarian just posted two new resources on the 2009 PATRIOT Act Reauthorizations Banned Librarian just posted two new resources on the 2009 PATRIOT Act Reauthorizations
giving republicans control of our countries money is nearest to giving a teen your checkbook, they can justify anything! Traumatic head injury? Weird Science prescribes vodka: Ars Technica Checkbook balancing acts as a .. Im up 2. At work bored as hell. Just balanced my checkbook tho. Lol. Got sumthin accomplished. sedatives or great sex always works to move the checkbook, from one hand to another.. =p The one with the checkbook and atm card LOL But I got his mother's who's holdin' control? =)@Rendi_Kain: d ... Hair washed & ready for bed. Debating on if I should balance my checkbook or fold the last bit of laundry real quick. Both equally exciting Only 3 more days to take advantage of my September Special ... BUY 2 wallets get a FREE Checkbook cover! i forgot! I am currently looking for my checkbook to buy it! AH! Whoa!! I just balanced my checkbook from this weekend...I spent about $1300... OMG!! What have I done?! I have a serious shopping addiction! Okay. Need to finish checkbook. I hate bills. Grrrr. Balancing the business checkbook... If you can call this balance.... Faith's Checkbook by C.H. Spurgeon: *Faith's Checkbook by C.H. Spurgeon* left a piece of chocolate in my bag and it was so hot today, IT MELTED. all over my cellphone, checkbook, and heaven knows what else.. Man sues BofA for "1,784 billion, trillion dollars" Claims bank makes it impossible to balance his checkbook 9/28/09 Goddess:THEMIS[Greece]Justice-Divine Law of nature-Be Gaia's oracular voice-Pause,consider actions-Balance Karmic Checkbook-Gaia-25% sweet lemon scented dreams. I'm off to balance the checkbook. I soon will be grumpy, but must be done. Balancing my checkbook, getting ready for bed... life is too exciting! lol looking somewhere between Sarasota & Spring Hill...actually I want CA, but 'the other' wants FLA & he has the checkbook...lol would you like to come over and balance my checkbook? @ Dodgers' CEO: 'Behind Every Man is a Woman with Her Checkbook&.. so you won't be balancing your checkbook after this semester, I take it? balancing the checkbook was not the pick me up I was looking for:( Dodgers' CEO: 'Behind Every Man is a Woman with Her Checkbook' Where the hell is my checkbook?! Dodgers' CEO: 'Behind Every Man is a Woman with Her Checkbook'|... at Dodgers stadium saw "downward dogs" replace .. Dodgers' CEO: 'Behind Every Man is a Woman with Her Checkbook': ABC News By STEPHANIE SY A recent S.. Need help with checkbook management? We have great resources online Just balanced my checkbook. It's official. No more fast food until Winter Break. Maybe then I'll have some money. ...I just balanced my checkbook and realized I forgot a receipt. Also, that I spent too much money this month. Got a meeting with eastcoast A&R (3rd X)...we aint mad...bring ur checkbook buddy...Sup J Shawn(H-Town)...y'all know I just looked at my checkbook and thought "when did my mom write on this?" It was my note to myself. Whomp whomp. church, nap, yard mowed, balacing checkbook, very productive day! my checkbook couldn't even afford season tickets, let alone buying the team. Either break out your checkbook and buy the team, or hope for the GM change. Just balanced the checkbook and found that I should be fucking ashamed of the amount of $$ I spend at Starbucks...... "Tell The A&R To Bring The Whole Label Checkbook..." Yankees bought another pennant. Good job, George Steinbrenner's checkbook! :) working on my checkbook i got a checkbook cover! yayyy now i feel all cool :) Murder Squad: Get Out Your Checkbook! Was thinkin about u as Im updatin my checkbook. Was having to get US dollar for all $ spent in CAN. I spent a lot at 2nd cup. :) Done with the checkbook and took the kids to play practice. Now chillin' until church time. How many times does "Overboard" need to be on? I hate balancing my checkbook. It only serves an an official reminder that I am flat broke. Acceptable Behavior Checkbook System. Acceptable Behavior Checkbook System. I spend way 2 much money...so im going back 2 da basics, clocking every expense on my checkbook register! Aha. I just saw Checkbook on my searching early today. Thanks for the tip. I will have a gander. I use Checkbook for OS X Cheap and capable, but no iPhone version. It's time to do the checkbook...Happy Happy Joy Joy!!! GMAT Tip: Do some arithmetic in your head today. Calculating a store discount, balancing your checkbook, doesn't matter what.
Still no word on our tunnelers or touch n go runs. Think I may head "home" soon. Don't want another night of on 3.5 hours of sleep! Nick and Fiona are doing well, q'd in at least one round of tunnelers, and somethinhg else, I've forgotten what else Walking most complicated Tunnelers course I have ever seen, thought I saw Margaret walking in picture too. Walked both tunnelers...now we just wait to run! 16" dogs run first on this one! 7am got remaining rnd 2's of weavers are finishing up then hoopers is going to run throughout the day, tunnelers & tng Trip back a breeze. Can I complain about NYC bridge and tunnelers coming to NJ for once?
The photos in the food and drink category from are appetizingly beautiful! One thing I miss most losing most sight;is not seeing appetizingly the food on my plate.Master Chef ta; ste discription's help enormously. Pepper smell appetizingly good!
terrible my brother, and to think she harbored such a negative feeling for herself and opened up to me about it was crazy. HA HA HA!!! "You Can Run But You Can't Hide" From Justice Roman. Funny How The French harbored Him!! There's a county of losers. Go Swedes! Day 14 of HCC 40 Days of Repentance. Today's topic is Bitterness. Let's repent of any harbored bitterness from the past. This is the most intense quiet anger i've ever harbored. It's giving me a headache. - resentment is still harbored by meh. I me (cont.): to nowhere hell fired baked sale dwarfed by pearl harbored kamikaze red Caste Away: ... WASP because I harbored a feeling of disconnection from my parents . . . because . . . most of .. You know, I guess I *have* always harbored the desire to bake a giant cupcake. Bigtopcupcake dot com, people. Fascinating. Harbored similar perverse maternal feelings for circa 2002 Kelly Osbourne too. But now you see that these ppl who played nice to your face really harbored these ugly, illogical, irrational fears...welcome to our world. G20 TGIF Peep Show (cont.) : hell fired baked sale dwarfed by pearl harbored kamikaze red dotted mushroomed clouds barred cell mated with Sullivan 'fluxes' his creative side with While Sullivan has harbored a longtim.. was spur of the moment, doing radio testing... Pearl harbored the place! Musharraf not very up front with you about battling terrorist harbored in his own country. he should practice what he preaches The Dramatic Increase In Fraud: SubPrime Crisis Brings ...: If you harbored any notion that the current.. A guy I liked when I lived in Tucson. I've still harbored a crush on him these years. Not the same guy you already kow about. 50 showerheads from 9 cities concluded that 30% of the devices harbored significant levels of Mycobacterium avium The guilt is in my and angers in hers. And do I blame her. No. I envy her. For her rage is targeted and my guilt is harbored. Actually, I guess that I would be flattered if anybody 'followed' me. So long as they harbored no nefarious intent. Mine is a harbored, closely-held of hope. :) "we'd rather ourselves being paid to perfect past times we've harbored based solely on the fact it makes us smile if it sounds dope" Federal marshals say TSA agent harbored a fugitive, in yesterday's most-clicked from AAAE Federal marshals say TSA agent harbored a fugitive: Officers from the US Marshals Fugitive Task Force arrested T..
WORD OF THE DAY: bowdlerize PRONUNCIATION: (BOAD-luh-ryz) MEANING: verb tr.: To remove or change (of a... I am looking to buy a bowdlerize WOD: *bowdlerize- (BOAD-luh-ryz) to remove or change (of a book, play, movie, etc.) considered objectionable. (*.*) ~Word of the Day~ bowdlerize (BOAD-luh-ryz) verb tr.: To remove or change (of a book, play, movie, etc.) considered objectionable. bowdlerize - verb tr.: To remove or change (of a book, play, movie, etc.) considered objectionable. today's censorship related word from BOWDLERIZE To remove or change (of a book, play, movie, etc.) considered objectionable. A.Word.A.Day commemorates Banned Book Wk w definitions relating to censorship. Todays word-bowdlerize- "The of a Nation film faced more challenges than any movie before or since, & many locales did bowdlerize the movie."Susman Something tells me I'm going to need a safety word today. Unless someone has a better suggestion, I'm going with bowdlerize. WORD OF THE DAY: bowdlerize: Here's the visual for today's Word-of-the-Day "bowdlerize" Must find a copy & laugh & laugh & laugh Spotted Dick must remain Dick, not Richard or Sultana Sponge. All attempts to bowdlerize it must be sternly rebuffed! bowdlerize: To remove or change (of a book, play, movie, etc.) considered objectionable. in the mood to bowdlerize... Wordsmith.org Today's Word: bowdlerize: To remove or change (of a book, play, movie, etc.) considered obje.. Learned a great new word today: "bowdlerize" - to expurgate, or remove objectionable material before publication. Thanks to
During the Summer of his voodoo, his tentacles caressed me and invited me into his darkness. I reveled in his visceral delights and followed Vegas casino owner Bob Stupak dead at 67: He was a regular competitor in the World Series of Poker and reveled .. Character is both developed and reveled by tests, and all of life is a test. ... I have a secret. And it will be reveled soon enough. Sources say the recently reveled Michael Jackson tapes reveal his soul: Between my thighs...past my ankles. I exited the shower, wet and dripping, raw from the heat. I would have reveled completely in Loved and reveled in the organizing meetings going on outside the occupation space. Now it's time to celebrate our SECOND NIGHT locked in! What comp plan will work for you? Some cannot. Find out for sure before you flunk. The answers reveled Sat. night 9 pm EST Call for details the longer i work here the more things get reveled and the more i grow to dislike whats around me my disney world is crumbling Working late at my new S/S bridal collection, soon to be reveled at The Designer Wedding Show. Check out for info! check the time of my first tweet you will see it was before u reveled katies picture.my initals are KM I've drew a record and record player.I've told u this before u have reveled katies drawing.omg That vid made for the BEST THUMBNAILS EVARRRRR. All of reveled in this. Chicago thug like tactics are being reveled,and the truth about this radical Administration is coming out. Blog PPN - Games: Launch Date Revealed for New Super Mario Bros. for the Wii UPDATED Box now reveled! Tonights the night! The first nite my shoes are reveled! Cave reveled after Georgia flood, should I.... - haha the secret has been reveled ... I reveled in some white sangria at Aspetta on Augusta today. Glorious. hidden treasures in secret kept, in silence sealed: the thoughts, the hopes, the dreams, the pleasures, whose charms were broken if reveled. THE PRELUDE OF THE FINAL OF WORLD ALREADY IS REVELED New Kingdom By Sleep Music Reveled: Indicted Chuck Turner sees 'mandate' in Boston victory: Indicted City Councilor Chuck Turner yesterday reveled i.. From my blog today - Mayan 2012 Sercrets Reveled ~ Ian Xel Lungold dont delete me im one of your biggest fans and i have not reveled your secret to anyone > Zorn- he's got a Hall of Famer who happens to be reveled in DC ticked!?! Oh, there's Inotia 2 coming up (still in development) and some others we haven't reveled yet. Wait for surprises :D I wouldn't say that God is a Man. I would agree that he only reveled himself in male form, such as when Christ said... Reveled in the pungent aroma? Well, I hope she enjoyed it as much as you! Maybe that'll teach her to poo in the car! yup! Breathing,living,wonder-full thing..2 B enjoyed & reveled in... much gratitude for my 'twitter friends'-much kindness & love... my personal dna, my true self reveled right now we are going yo a secret place for some great fun ! , th place is not reveled to us now ! Cover Line: Nicole's House of Harlow Reveled Suspect, victims in Va. slayings reveled in macabre world of ...: On Tuesday, officials identified the victims a.. Suspect, victims in Va. slayings reveled in macabre world of ...: 'Horrorcore' rap drew together suspect.. Suspect, victims in Va. slayings reveled in macabre world of ... Suspect, victims in Va. slayings reveled in macabre world of ...: 'Horrorcore' rap drew together suspect.. Suspect, victims in Va. slayings reveled in macabre world of ...: He did not tell Napier that he and 16-year-old.. Suspect, victims in Va. slayings reveled in macabre world of ...: 'Horrorcore' rap drew together suspect.. Suspect, victims in Va. slayings reveled in macabre world of ...: 'Horrorcore' rap drew together suspect.. Suspect, victims in Va. slayings reveled in macabre world of ... Celeb Fitclub 7 Returns and Cast are reveled Boby Brown Shar jackson KFed Many More Probably late on that Suspect, victims in Va. slayings reveled in macabre world of ...: 'Horrorcore' rap drew together suspect.. Happenings: Suspect, victims in Va. slayings reveled in macabre world of ...: 'Horrorcore' rap drew together suspect, vi It drops soon the realese date will be reveled tonigt with extras also with cover, keep it locked.
It is not easy to escape joy of durga puja. Vibrating colors and lustering light, every thing seems to be in their right place. Kelly Marie has just done my makeup in the MAC vip room. Now looking and feeling brand new- just love M.A.C ooh lips in lustering
"altering the "Mitering"" this work for the letter A but change the stroke for others like the R and so.. I'm having a hard time mitering corners on a quilt i'm making today. I'll figure it out though. Sometimes just altering the "Mitering" tolerance will do it if you can't to paths.
Patient education program slashes ED readmissions - Involve and individualize! - I can't individualize but I say follow those I follow! They r the definition of dope dammit! Nuff said ;-P Every1 I do my at the end of the day so I can individualize them so they're real Anderson: moving to DNA analysis to individualize treatment. 1 study: 4 different types of MM, only 1responds to treatment. It is called Insured Capitalism. INDIVIDUALIZE all safety net systems in order to take them out of gov't & 3rd control. _now you can individualize your home with information i'd be covered 2! :) yah,the problem is that lots has been done b4. but u can still individualize whatever u want! its also 2 individualize 4 the patient. integration or diff modalities may be best. like CBT,DBT and alternative (yoga)
Ugh, this Lauren Girl computerizes her pictures because at school she's UGLY but on pictures shes soo pretty, reluctant...?
bLaKtivist - prolly. they go in on the kids, kid-esques and sympathizers. Funny. Lions message boards are full of Redskins sympathizers. Are there really Polanski sympathizers? WTF? He had sex with a 13 year old girl, he is a rapist. GTFOH! The Polanski sympathizers show how far society has declined. 1 The Polanski sympathizers show how far society has declined. There are constant rumors of Jedi survivors scattered throughout the galaxy, being given sanctuary by sympathizers to their cause. It's easier to find Hitler sympathizers in Israel, than in Stockholm. WOWSER'S! Watching Law & Order. Terrorist sympathizers infuriate me. War is never pretty. These people would slowly decapitate you with a dull knife! We need less SOCIALIST SYMPATHIZERS like trying to turn this great nation into FRANCE. NO SNAILS FOR US! yo ima let u finish but Oprah is one of the best sympathizers ever It's a mistake to jump to the conclusion that criticism of Obama is (1) racially motivated or (2) proof he's lost from sympathizers. all these naxal sympathizers should be arrested ! their misleading propaganda is ruining millions of lives !! we have three top Naxal sympathizers -- Varavara Rao, Bernard and Sandeep Pandey I'm suspicious of the LACK of details coming from law enforcement. are the cops sympathizers w probable perps? I'm suspicious of the LACK of details coming from law enforcement. are the cops sympathizers w pro perps YOU DAMN DOMESTIC TERRORISTS AND AL QAEDA AND ISLAMIC EXTREMISTS SYMPATHIZERS! ALL OF YOU, PLEASE DIE ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ... Acteal Massacre in '97/45 Indigenas sympathizers sup. pacifist sympathsizers of Zapatista rebel massacred.Mostly women and kids and the bleeding lefties/terrorist sympathizers will also love his "passion for the wounded soul" Anti-capitalist sympathizers: Follow my tweets for on-going G-20 demonstrations coverage! Now, say you were in a town with Rebel sympathizers. What better message could you send than to impale all of them? The Afghan Insurgents are the Pashtun "Taliban segments" and sympathizers. Who fans or their sympathizers should follow the always excellent: fifth column /FIFTH-KAH-lum/ :a group of secret sympathizers or of an enemy that engage in espionage or sabotage within de Hundreds of Ukr nationalists were also murdered at Babi Yar, yet these victims are maligned as Nazi sympathizers Way to go, Gretchen. Agree 100%. Why do we let these terrorists and terrorist-sympathizers into this country? It's ridiculous Does Obama have any friends who AREN'T Marxists or sympathizers ...: At one point, Jones shouted to his fellow .. sana maging mas creative pa ang mga uri ng protesta dito sa UPLB... a loud megaphone ain't gonna get you more sympathizers. i really want any Zombie-Sympathizers to holler at me.i won't block any flesheating freaks,not even American Zombies.i love you-r Brraaains! New blog post: Does Obama have any friends who AREN'T Marxists or sympathizers? Numerous people now have talked to me about a "free stuff" in Columbus. There must be more sympathizers out there. We MUST organize. Radical history: 1862, Pres. Lincoln suspends writ of habeas corpus for Southern sympathizers. Bantama NPP accuses chair of being an NDC mole: Some New Patriotic NPP sympathizers in the Bantama Constit.. Bantama NPP accuses chair of being an NDC mole: Some New Patriotic NPP sympathizers in the Bantama Constit.. You know the economy is bad when Trump is renting out space terrorist sympathizers Went easy today, tickled his stomach in break room, just enough to make him lurch & blush. Little something for all you Eric sympathizers. Considering how often Palestinians sympathizers are called terrorists, I say it's only fair to say what Zerbias did.. I don't debate Arab sympathizers. Israel is in its rightful place and does what it needs to protect itself. End of story no to the social stucture of gay sympathizers I wonder how many B&B opponents there are who _AREN'T_ labor union sympathizers trying to keep visitors in expensive, unionized hotels. :-p Can't believe my 3rd favorite band is composed of Twilight sympathizers. I have to admit, my sympathizers failed to go off when you spoke of having to end your vacation to herd your book thru publlication POTUS that can't keep avowed communists and terrorist sympathizers off lawn insists fines on families lacking Obamacaid tithing key to hope.
Olivahouse upgrade completed succesfully.Central heating&hot water no longer maintained by dead lepprechauns.VaillantAtmoTECplus inDaHouse!! Grand Verbalizer, WHAT TIME IS IT?????
It's not a crime, it's just really funny. Maybe you're just a supreme ironist. Is this an Andy Kaufman thing? The Ironist & Kid Chino = Wiccan & Hulkling pretty much (so otp)
*chest pains*<OMG if its Any help i know CPR Had to be in class at 7am, class till 1pm, CPR immediately after, then date night & taking Cody to the tomorrow. Boo. dropping Thomas off to school. the 4hrs of CPR ... Monday morning traffic in Metro Atl. Yuck!! Oh well... That's how it goes. CPR anyone? Trinity Rescue Kit | CPR for your computer windows rescue recovery livecd Washington, Sep 28 : Love has revealed that Johnny Depp once saved her life by giving her CPR. Depp once gave CPR to Sep 28 (ANI): Love has.. Johnny Depp once gave CPR to Love: Washington, Sep 28 (ANI): Love has revealed that Johnny De.. you should hear mine purring, I'll have to learn cat-CPR some day how could you! Im breathless now .. Need CPR ASAP!! lol yep, although it still needs some CPR to get it moving again. up early and headed to the gym...I hope the employees at Bally's know CPR! Womens weekly wants people to "save real lives" with their CPR liftout. Uhuh. Not likely. ID exam, CPR training, case presentation then Beth's. Reading the CPR thing one finger is too much CPR practice last week ooorrrrr I know cpr..I wld be willing to help out with that if needed!!! "Resusci Anne, aka Rescue Anne/CPR Annie, is a training mannequin used 4 teaching CPR to both emergncy workrs & membrs of e general public." RNLI Lifeguards give CPR in St Ives mouth to mouth? cpr? or is it too far gone? Registered Nurse - ICU/CCU: Current PA RN license. 1 year of nursing experience required. Current CPR An hour of CPR, intubated for 2 weeks. Today: eating ice cream and stating, "I'm glad I'm cracking somebody up - I'm a funny guy!". An hour! Oh oh... should we assume the worst? I wonder if CPR works in the case of drowning in sauce. 1885 - Moody, Victoria, New Westminster all stand to lose if CPR builds city in area Van Horne wants to call Vancouver. will be Tues am 10 Nov '85 in Victoria's 'Daily Colonist' p. 3. More about CPR fingers knuckles so tired from CPR and knee is semi infected from the super floor that probably has not been cleaned for ages... *applies CPR* HARLEY WAKE UP!!! Fav of CPR ask about implausible scenarios. In case of the rapture, how is check call care altered? CPR once again. 6.working in all of weather conditions- doable just have to learn how to give cpr in the snow Did you know - when pumping someone's chest during CPR, the timing of the "pumps" should match the beat of the song Stayin' Alive? Serious. Blog has pulse, barely. Will post or administer CPR. Hoping fall sparks inspiration. What do you enjoy at of Need ideas! DM me. About 2give my blackberry CPR... Upgrade and get my bbm back dammit!!! CPR For Infants - hmm.. if we flood 's lil hiding spot..he'd float out, do you know CPR?! LOL! We need to find him! ;) CPR for French, NY brochure for Geo, and DRAWING VAGINAS AND PENISES for Bio. This will be an interesting week. (at least for Burgundy :)) In CPR, passed and now I'm really bored. Failed CPR with great... Nothing much at Granville. to interview Van Horne Mon. in Victoria abt CPR's 'Vancouver'. Head over & listen in. Abbey ale was a big hit at the CPR refresher. Gonna have to make more. So the Colts once again taken it! Great way to end the weekend son! back to skoo tomorrow, gettin CPR card! lovin life and everyone in it!!! so i saw the other responses to ur bbsitting tweet. just wanted to say, im in school for medical assisting & kno cpr Yup..Mike is cpr too so I'm good! haha. I knew what you if you said inning, I'd worry
Business News: Silk Industry benefiting Assam locals: A fillip has been given to the sericulture .. Sericulture declining around city Sericulture declining around city: Ramanagaram, Channapatna, Devanahalli,... Silk Industry benefiting Assam locals : A fillip has been given to the sericulture industry in Assam with the St..
I'd really like to be a Weevil for Halloween. That would be EPIC. But it's far too complicated:( have fun? Have a goulash or weevil or whatever on me. wonders if UAM will change their mascot since the boll weevil has been eradicated Arkansas farmers seeing benefits of boll weevil eradication success: Cotton growers have struggled with the wet.. Teresa Brewer 45rpm "Bo Weevil" b/w "A Tear Fell"; 1950's pop music at Bonanzle. There's a Weevil spray we use to subdue and capture them. A Weevil... it's usually Weevils around here. For my I'm getting a weevil pinata fo sho. I wouls appreciate candy more than a weevil. Unless the Weevil was stuffed with ziplocked bags of candy. Arkansas farmers seeing benefits of boll weevil eradication success - KFSM Teresa Brewer 45rpm "Bo Weevil" b/w "A Tear Fell"; 1950's pop music at Bonanzle. Eskimo Pete ran for his life as Mongoloid Joe chased him down into the subway. Boll Weevil relaxed on the curb in the sun. Mongoloid Joe and Boll Weevil hopped a train to Philly where they met up with Eskimo Pete, who sells delicious ice cream sandwiches. is there any mascot stupider than an Aardvark - the bull weevil... Reminiscent of boll weevil N & C America ag agencies step up fight against citrus tree killer insect: Weevil love long time and so do i so make a Finally made it to maison de cuddles. Bethann is passed out (drunk whore)...zach is walkin weevil...'bout to call it a night...g'night moon! Mystery phrase is SNOUT BEET-E. Clue: small weevil having a prolonged ? ; destructive to e.g. grains and nuts. Mystery phrase is SNOU- BEET-E. Clue: small weevil having a prolonged ? ; destructive to e.g. grains and nuts. Mystery phrase is SNOU- B--T-E. Clue: small weevil having a prolonged ? ; destructive to e.g. grains and nuts. Mystery phrase is -NOU- B-----. Clue: small weevil having a prolonged ? ; destructive to e.g. grains and nuts. *as I'm blowing my nose* Marissa: "What are you, a fucking weevil?" Was having a great day until I found a weevil in my crackers. A MOVING weevil. All together now: eeeeeeew!!!! I can't watch Castle until I'm caught up. Turns out that I'd netflixed season 1, so I now have disc 1 and 2. Yay Weevil! heres an old one frinds Boll Weevil Song by Brook Benton thnx 2 dad 4 suggestin this one yup maybe we could go for the new year :D what..cute guy at kriers? lol what about weevil? Weevil makes an appearance in Heroes too!!! lawyers to - actually what we said was, "we will do no weevil." weevil feelings? not really? nothing that even some good 'ol sexay escapades cant fix? weevil feelings? not really? nothing that even a good 'ol sexay escapades cant fix? hey, you okay there? weevil hormones, no? MAKE OUT!: Female Bugs Make Out to Attract Males That Can Stomach It: The tropical citrus root weevil or sugarcane root stalk b... Female Bugs Make Out to Attract Males That Can Stomach It: The tropical citrus root weevil or sugarcane root stalk b.. I'm not spoiled. Weevil: What about the bitch Veronica: That depends on who you ask. Cavuto currently looking at bk-writing former Bush speechwriter as the obsequious, publicity-seeking weevil that he is. Glad you enjoyed! Can't believe you'd never been to the Weevil before. Try this again ! Hehmm! Just had lunch w/ @ cosleia at Boll Weevil. Good eats ! Boll Weevil, Kitty & Dune Buggy were my favorite songs on that album.... I'm off for now, bye. Weevil love you long time! Now at school, relatively on time for me. Good. Weevil's been in here twice already. Not so good. HEYYY. I've been struck down by the WEEVIL flu. I'm still ill, actually, but I'm sneaking online while mum's out. The axis of weevil - new post on my blog And re weevil: but at least that's done. And put more granola bars in your desk! And some pudding cups! Now sleep! *moresmishes* also, had to cast musical with weevil today instead of either baby band or lunch. Bad Master. But it could be worse. You could be a weevil. (evil laugh) Haha I love it! Me 2 Everytime I hear a motorbike on my street now I always think its Weevil.
super! Please send! Will put dg on hold!;) last read was Lizzy being questioned. poor old Lizzy! I have a chapter to send, btw - I think! Forget what I've sent and what I haven't? What was last one you got? Lizzy and I build a birdhouse. Lizzy and I build a birdhouse Haha, that's alright. I was joking Lizzy, d: Listening to the best of thin lizzy ...and now I must fetch him from upstairs, where he just trotted off to. His new favourite is eating Lizzy's pants under her bed. Nominations: Rene 12,Edward 8,Lizzy 7,Paloma 7,Hanni 3,Itai 1 TOTAL:38nominations.Rene and Edward up for eviction. plze confirm Sarah - Thin Lizzy I'm making money! I see money everywhere! I see Queen Lizzy chei!! [The milky bars are on YOU!] ..a band that sounds a little like Thin Lizzy,Guns 'n' Roses & they say Kings of Leon=> The Chambers (via Want a band that sounds a little like Thin Lizzy, Guns 'n' Roses and they say Kings of Leon, we give you The Chambers I'm making money! I see money everywhere! I see Queen Lizzy chei!! Thin Lizzy- The boys are back in town " Matt Garner is extremely addicted to internet porn... and lizzy mcguire" hah little bit Thin Lizzy while the trainee is away, then we'll go back to the "let's ruin teenagers" Spotify-list: Thin Lizzy - Boys are back in town on the radio the boys are back in town - Thin Lizzy NOW PLAYING: Thin Lizzy - Whiskey In The Jar Long time no see- here she is again Lizzy the lezzy "Goodbye L-word" - so much fun if you've seen the L-word! tomorrow.. they will be showing her at 4pm. it makes me sick to my stomach. this doesnt feel real.. how can aunt lizzy be gone? =/ "JAILBREAK * THIN LIZZY on WOCM " Yo D-man, (@DennisVollmer) ....Its been decided that Lizzy with the s's, (@LissyRenee) should now be referred to as FIZZY with the F....LOL pleasee tell frankie that the fans wish him a very happy and best wishes! -lizzy<3 Hey PHILLY I LOVE U SAY HI TO LIZZY (Philip DeFranco Loves You live > Hey heyy say HI TO LIZZY (Philip DeFranco Loves You live > Hey HI!!!! SAY HI TO LIZZY... cuz im cool (Philip DeFranco Loves You live > Hey SAY HI TO LIZZY OR I WILL SPOON OUT YOUR EYES (Philip DeFranco Loves You live > I would be so, so fucked, if it weren't for Rock and Roll (this post brought to you the power of Thin Lizzy.) the Thin Lizzy ad is better Park-Avenue Princess: $50.00 *GIVEAWAY* for LIZZY BLEU! With Toad, Elena, Rebecca, and Lizzy haha lizzy we do need to hang out soon. every single one of these you send to me, goes to my phone. im free all week until thursday Thank you, Lizzy. Good day sunshine :-) nerding out big-time! Smashing Pumpkins bootlegs! 1993 acoustic set! Thin Lizzy & Bowie covers! So good! my brother is making aunt lizzy's slideshow for the funeral... he's amazzzingg at it.... he did my best friends for her funeral too going to bed , jewish temple in the morn for the holiday b bak sometime timorrow night i love you so muuchh lizzy babyyy your my world LOVES HALLOWEEN TOO---thrilling the kids--costumns--candy--decorations--spooky, creepy, things,--scary movies--Legund of Lizzy Borden, etc. Mommy daddy and lizzy will be in town as soon as tomorrow..yaaaaaaiiy...gonna be visiting atlantic city n newyork this week..vaca-vaca-tiong LIKES HALLOWEEN TOO---giving the kids a cheap thrill--costumns--candy--creepy, spooky, things--decorations--legund of Lizzy Borden. Always great to see you Lizzy! Football Friday will be FUN! Watching the Lizzy mcguire movie with emily. Haha :) bring me back some chix strips and curly fries lizzy...pleeeease!!
have you ever wondered why the dude from nine songs had to be a glaciologist? have you ever wondered why the dude from nine songs had to be a glaciologist?
army mtb team sits heres from No thankyouuu :p Dikit Gakkkkkkkkk donggggss Maauuuuuuuu donggggss Yah si mas ud ... Eu tocmai am facut un xrss din wp si e 11.8 mb. weey ada si geni B-) geni follow back ih a) si Why don't Aki suddenly kiss Mitsuru, kn Mitsuru ga bisa nolak, LOL duuuh, gue bingung abis ini si Mitsuru harus ngapain l ... jiah lby lebay nginep dirumah si kayanya, abisnya hotel mahal kata mba . Ok. Kalo twitties aku liatny dr twittny si tora. Tp klo gg blh jg gpp. Ok. Aku ganti. Thx ud d ksh tau Jing alay parah wkakwa err , emmm , ii4h t3nKz p0r aPprOvInG Yee si maneh teh begimana. Oh iya si maneh ud ... Tapi tetep makan berapa piring haha I'm on a strict diet. No rice for today. (abis si mamak ga Ada!!!! Ga da yang ma ... Itu apa si re? Ga Hey Get 400 followers a day using Its super fast! loh? emang kenapa si robi, iyaa td kata kalian nntn get married.. ada RESPONSI dn si guru hny msk bagiin with no RESPONSIbility at all at the hotel na back in CDO. Having dinner at the hotel's cafe and watching news. Grabe si Ondoy.. :( just found out na ang kay kuan kay si kuan. ffff. ;[ eh PB permainan apa deh? -___- setau gue PB itu panggil dari gua buat si itu tuuuuuuuuuuu jiahahaha si chicken little yang ada guru chicken little yee..lucu lagiii,bawain ya si ipin ma upin yg asli! astagaaaaa.. jadi itu tontonan lo?? Ipin dan Upin tuh serial eat some donut holes for me=) don't worry when i'm older than you i will pay for your stuff. Love you si ... belom..baru niat mo beli..dan brown g ada yg punya..modal minjem semua gw :p minjem the historian dong si I'm right NEXT to you gad si jongossss -____- err , emmm , ii4h t3nKz p0r aPprOvInG Yee si maneh teh begimana. Oh iya si maneh udah muncul di list aing. Haha tengs poo ett Thx to for questioning mi toprak.si mamah jd terinspirasi bwt bikin besok :p Spread the love bro ^_^ Baru inget tadi qiu n gw si cipika cipiki ama salah satu penonton di Playlist. But it's a guy. Da ... si PGMA kagabi, nagtaray pa kay Jay Ruiz...pinapaulit lang sinabi earlier kahapon...aba, "AYAW NA DAW NYANG ULITIN"..haizt what the ****?????? pasti si yg nulis2 sndiri d..iyuuuuuuuuuh..hahhahahaha dems aps? Si tante miya emang nginep dimane? eh, dan tanggal 14 tante mau datang. wiwiwiw eh gila si randy di group take him out diomongin mulu --" si romeo and juliet namatay... hence... di nagwowork ang you and me against the world drama CARPET CLEANER: SI, NY CONFIDENTIAL Mon, 28 Sep 2009 04:00:00 -0700 Itihaas on Fleet Street takes some major beating! Was there on Friday night again, absolutely superb. ANJRIT yg bner?betah amat dia sm lo wakakakakakk emg ngomong apa aja deh? mee tir! Si F? twittter wajar aj jd ajng ngbrl sm g pnting,kl ke gnggu,ga ush dibca,ato nfolow aj,g ush sok2 ngmng "aduh gpnting bgt si org ini" sampah jgn smpe prgi chil,u r the 1 and only children.. Hehehe.. Kalo mau kabur bbrp hr aja si gpp,krmhku aja,maen sm ail.. Hehe Cred ca si animalutele astea-s in ton cu Rocabilly.ro : I like Raj Doot on George St near St Pauls, only 5 minutes walk from Colmore Row. Listening to Si Tu Supieras - Alejandro Fernandez. Thinking of :) Saracens angry at fans reaction: Saracens chief executive Edward Griffiths criticises the fans who booed the si.. alla fine si fa domani comunque I wish they could burn in hell nggggh yoi oke continue fucking next time deh ya si swear bot nya udah tidur kali hehe Shit her for not teaching us properly and burying us under an avalanche of sci ws. QU SI BA Masih Hidup, si CAPTAIN WINTERS,, sekarang umurnya 91 Si iria al DF a ver a Travis. Me canso! th si barong whaha hem siapa mantan saya? Bukan Ihhh andri gmn si,,, ktnya tweeps sejati,, kok tlat?? :D eh ili sori br liat tweetnya, maaf lahir batin jg yaa.. :D - this is for you. Tumutulong si Gerald. :) What's the best curry house in Birmingham city centre? Need recommendation for course attendees. gue sh smp jm 8, si sama balik duluan McAfee scouts for new SI $$
(Dav Waldron) PMs and Emails read, time for tea. Another very busy day awaits me... BengalTweet W. Volleyball. Waldron Continues her Climb to the Top of ISU History Brad Waldron really likes popsicles Gosh i'm going crazy. I'm having waldron withdrawls. I miss em. =( well i guess i'll go to bed. Night. Reading Jeremy Waldron's piece on ethics and psychology in the NYRB. Hannah Waldron - BOOOOOOOM! - CREATE * INSPIRE * COMMUNITY * * DESIGN * MUSIC * FILM * PHOTO * PROJECTS: vi.. - via - Hannah Waldron - BOOOOOOOM! - CREATE * INSPIRE * COMMUNITY * * DESIGN * MUSIC * ... counting all day like a clock on the wall facebook me .. Shawndell Waldron ... facebook me .. Shawndell Waldron ... and, in the apparent tradition of all waldron men, keller will learn his curse words during football season. Didn't manage 2 take photos of everything or buy much. Did manage 2 get my paws on publications by Jessica Wilson Hannah Waldron. Awesome! shannon waldron, i love you. Hannah Waldron - BOOOOOOOM! - CREATE * INSPIRE * COMMUNITY * * DESIGN * MUSIC * FILM * PHOTO * PROJECTS: vi.. Can you tell me what Charlie Waldron is doing these days? FFFFOUND: Hannah Waldron - BOOOOOOOM! - CREATE * INSPIRE * COMMUNITY * * DESIGN * MUSIC * FILM * P.. Hannah Waldron - BOOOOOOOM! - CREATE * INSPIRE * COMMUNITY * * DESIGN * MUSIC * FILM * PHOTO * PROJECTS... - via - Hannah Waldron - BOOOOOOOM! - CREATE * INSPIRE * COMMUNITY * * DESIGN * MUSIC * ... Just got a beautiful shot of some Kansas & Oklahoma locos in Waldron, AR. Virginia Tech Hokies 24 Miami Hurricanes 7 - (late 3rd qtr) - VT Matt Waldron FG 22yd - Waldron redeems himself with a 22 yard field goal. lead 24-7. Ten plays, 70 yards, 4:47 TOP. Supposedly The Waldron's Ticket reception gets a lot of air time at Mellon Arena. I'm gonna be embarrassed next week sitting in the stands Beware of Waldron Elec Co. at BBB of Western PA. Also the ... are ya'll in waldron this weekend? Waldron may cause me to renig on my props. So glad fund-raiser is over, free to watch yay! wuss out and waldron misses a chip shot field goal. its all about field position. so i'll live with it QB draw on 3rd down, 4th & 1; Waldron FG is... NO GOOD from 25, SAVE US AGAIN D!!! 14 0 2Q Also, tonight's show @ Gannon University in Erie, PA is open to the public! Come out 8pm at the Waldron Campus Center. soccer tournment in WALDRON!! Woke up in Waldron today and heard a rooster crow which was cool... the first time but kinda lame by the fifth Check out today's Psalms Gospel singing workshop at church today. Led by Ruth Waldron nee Lynch. Learnt Total Praise by Richard Smallwood, what a brilliant song. [ADGRABBER] Robin Das replied to Kenneth Waldron's discussion 'Corporate Video' in the group Creativ.. Robin Das replied to Kenneth Waldron's discussion 'Corporate Video' in the group Creative Directors Club: Robin.. At Chap HS... After a Jake Waldron interception the Jaguars drive for a TD capped by a run by Bryce Parker. 13-0 Jaguars. At Chap, the Eagles fumble on their opening drive and the Jaguars Jake Waldron scores on a 35 yd TD run. Conversion good. 7-0 Jaguars. Long live the Waldron Center. @ Mr.Waldron Missing you Pops!!!... I miss my pops too! drinking wine, thinking about the good ole days :) ASHDOWN@WALDRON 2nite! Panthers 3-0!& Check Out my Bro Philly Phil! new song Called Waiting on Deliverance! Maize maze! Tonight! 7pm! Meet at Purdue BCM house (507 Waldron St.)! Exclaim! CORN MAZE tonight! Meet us at the BCM house (507 Waldron) at 7:00 if you want to come along! Carol Blank, 5 stars: 15 Days of Prayer with Henri Nouwen by Waldron. Just got a beautiful shot of some Kansas & Oklahoma locos in Waldron, AR. WOMEN'S SOCCER GAME TONIGHT AT 7pm at the Mount's WALDRON STADIUM...there is a call out to MOUNT UP! Family Weekend! Make a picture frame with APB and have A free family taken! Supplies are provided. Waldron 219 @ 7:30 TONIGHT! Join The Arrow on the road today! Gary Michaels Waldron hits the streets of VW Southtowne from 5-7. Hot Chip's Joe Goddard preps Harvest Festival: The album will see a release through his and Alex Waldron's Grec.. Hot Chip's Joe Goddard preps Harvest Festival: The album will see a release through his and Alex Waldron's Grec.. Hot Chip's Joe Goddard preps Harvest Festival: The album will see a release through his and Alex Waldron's Grec..
New blog post: Santidade por Paul Tillich There's something I need to read right now but I can't quite decide what. Settling for Tillich. 'Doubt is not the opposite of faith; it is one element of faith. - Paul Tillich web h.. 'Doubt is not the opposite of faith; it is one element of faith. - Paul Tillich web in class, thinking about Tillich's theology...i like Man is asked to make of himself what he is supposed to become to fulfill his destiny. -Paul Tillich DTF- The Dani Tillich Foundation; this is what i'm choosing as my charity when Hollywood comes a knocking! The first duty of love is to listen. Paul Tillich Community of Christian Philosophers: From Tillich's Existentialism The first duty of love is to listen. (Paul Tillich) What an odd little internet week where I can talk Paul Tillich with and then has him over for a geek playdate. yes!LETS PRAISE HIM.and um,who's tillich btw? i celebrate the glory of being alone:solitude-as paul ti ... The first duty of love is to listen. (Paul Tillich) because i celebrate the glory of being alone: solitude-as paul tillich once said. The first duty of love is to listen. (Paul Tillich) "The first duty of love is to listen." Paul Tillich The first duty of love is to listen. -Paul Tillich "The first duty of love is to listen." Paul Tillich (via "The first duty of love is to listen." Paul Tillich "The first duty of love is to listen." Paul Tillich The first duty of love is to listen. ~ Paul Tillich "The first duty of love is to listen." ~Paul Tillich The first duty of love is to listen.(Paul Tillich) The first duty of love is to listen. (Paul Tillich) puts, Paul Tillich! Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.PAUL TILLICH: The first duty of love is to listen. (Paul Tillich) The first duty of love is to listen. (Paul Tillich) Paul Tillich The first duty of love is to listen. (Paul Tillich) "The first duty of love is to listen." Paul Tillich Before said it, Paul Tillich wrote an entire book about it called "Dynamics of Faith." Classic read! "The first duty of love is to listen." Paul Tillich - A great reminder. Thank you. "The first duty of love is to listen." Paul Tillich "The first duty of love is to listen." Paul Tillich "Man is asked to make himself what he is supposed to become to fulfil his destiny" - Paul Tillich "man is asked to make himself what he is supposd to become to fulfil his destiny" - Paul Tillich in class, thinking about Tillich's theology...i like "The first duty of love is to listen." - Paul Tillich "The first duty of love is to listen." ~Paul Tillich "The first duty of love is to listen." ~Paul Tillich "The first duty of love is to listen." ~Paul Tillich "The first duty of love is to listen." ~Paul Tillich I really don't want to read 90 pages of Tillich. "The first duty of love is to listen." Paul Tillich
Stupid shoulder impingement syndrome. Calling for an appt today. New blog post: A Company's Story Must Carry Impingement Value to Obtain Widespread Publicity Ed Reed (neck) didn't practice today & is questionable for Sunday vs Hope it's not serious w/ previous nerve impingement Thank u all for your prayers. This was a surgery for a L shoulder tendon tear & subacromial impingement. Behind in school. Pain city. WHAT ABOUT TOTAL IMMERSION SWIMMING METHODS CAUSING SHOULDER IMPINGEMENT AND IGNORING LUMBAR STRENGTH ??? impingement syndrome is also common, that is what I have in my left shoulder. it takes constant work. good luck! Nah - it's all good. Pretty sure it's a nerve impingement in shoulder/neck. Just need to get a massage. Or Physio. 32 Yr.old Female With Mild Ddd L4-5 And L5-s1 With Slight Disc Bulging And Impingement,thats Painful And Numb-? Impingement is 1 of the most common causes of shoulder pain. It is from pressure on the rotator cuff as you lift your arm: and Impingement Syndrome: I thought I would share my experiences using medical marijuana to help with the
The Pentapeptide Is High The Pentapeptide Is High "Cell dynamic stimulating moisturiser" - must be the new pentapeptide (which was the new AHA fruit acid) ;)
Reading my contemporary psychodynamic book....I'm real mad real mad joe jackson OPD - Operationalized Psychodynamic Diagnostics - International Congress October 2009 in Heidelberg, Germany: Today is reeeeeally not the right day for me to learn the psychodynamic theory. Fuck I like right off the bat the interesting psychodynamic aspect of psychology the author tries to refer to, with the idea of the subconscious. a book i'm reading: "...relation between psychodynamic and cultural factors in the etiology of an omnicompetent masculinity" wtf I'm doing an HNC in them all!!! Lol mostly Person Centred, hoping 2 do my diploma in psychodynamic tho psychodynamic psychotherapies for somatic symptom disorders shows promise psychodynamic psychotherapies for somatic symptom disorders shows promise: In the current issue of Ps..
Dont think so, Frank. Security on-site 24-7 and an on-site location manager. Leastwise, last time i was ther, bout 1 yr ago The lazor sales guys really want me to buy; except I don't know what I'd do with one. Leastwise not for that kind of money. Who wants in?
If you mishear something and what you misheard is hilarious, who gets credit? Kids always mishear things in such a cute way. Dr S: what do you call more than one octopus? Son: Octopus pie WTF is Legard on about? They only racing 48 mins ago. Or did I mishear? did we mishear you caus we thought you just said dan was your boyfriend? Here's your spankari. Or did I mishear you? Language is changing. We mishear and redefine things all the time. Sometimes, they become eggcorns & find their way here: Rammell? Or did I mishear that? Heard in a meeting: "We've lost 20% of our workforce thru nutrition." I didn't mishear, & it wasn't a on a company diet challenge. :) You know people are gonna mishear you and be like Chaos, I heard you use to mess with Bow Wow, LoL! Gadhafi did I mishear or did he just say that the swine flu virus may have been created in a lab to be used as a HalaGorani did I mishear or did Gadhafi just say that the swine flu virus may have been created in a laboratory to be used as a weapon? LOL Gadhafi: did I mishear or did he just say that the swine flu virus may have been created in a laboratory to be used ... Gadhafi, did I mishear or did he just say that the swine flu virus may have bn created in a labo.. Gadhafi, did I mishear or did he just say that the swine flu virus may have bn created in a laboratory 2 b used as a weapons UNGA:did I mishear or did he just say that the swine flu virus may have been created in a lab to be used as a weapons? Gadhafi at UNGA: did I mishear or did he just say that the swine flu virus may have been created in a laboratory to be used WTF! Gadhafi at UNGA: did I mishear or did he just say that the swine flu virus may have been created in a laboratory to be.. did I mishear or did he just say that the swine flu virus may have been created in a laboratory to be used as a weapons? WTF@HalaGorani Gadhafi at UNGA: did I mishear or did he just say that the H1N1 flu virus may have been created in a laboratory to be used... Gadhafi at UNGA: did I mishear or did he just say that the swine flu virus may have been created in a laboratory to be used as a weapons? : The good thing about being deaf is that I mishear some REALLY funny things. Heheheh. Funny to me lah. I always mishear "but her eyes saved his life" as "mother, I saved his life!" Did they really beep the 'pop' out of 'pop my cherry' or did I mishear? no I'm straight lmao, it's like they aren't even denying it. i had to watch it like, 3 times to make sure i didn't mishear it. Probably mishear the term and say something like, "Hell Yeah I'll have a Nappy Sour!" "Excuse me while I kiss this guy," a mishear of "Excuse me while I kiss the sky" from Hendrix' Purple Haze "Excuse me while I kiss this guy," a mishear of "Excuse me while I kiss the sky" from Hendrix' Purple Haze $mondegreens that's called a Mondegreen when you mishear lyrics into other words. An Indian ghazal singer on a peace mission to Afghanistan... Better get your urdu right, bro! dont let them even mishear a word m stuff Due to being 3/4 deaf in right, 1/2 in left ear I can mishear things at a pitch. A work coll was commenting on an apple turnover
"Nightmare Befool Hallowmas" - Thinking how all those "anything" in the disguise of Sufis befool the naive masses.
I know no cuz the humpty dance was suddenly my chance! Is there anything Dill Cheese doesn't taste good on? Jeffrey made salmon last night & he shredded it on mine! I damn near did the humpty! What day are you free this week humpty? Nursery Rhymes need a re vamp, its about time the kids found out the truth about what happened to humpty dumpty. Alec is sick now too... :( oh and I'm having flashbacks of some nerdy white guy singing the humpty dance and ju ... I heard Humpty was a communist. << If he hadnt fallen off the wall, would have exposed him for sure.. cos humpty dumpty has no legs to steady himself it's an app for iPhone/iPod touch. It's so I can tweet while still doing the humpty dance Really meant to go running this morning, but got up late - again. Gave it some humpty on the bike instead :-) Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall, waiting for paying clients, He did not realise his pants were full of little baby fireants. Its Humpety Hump Hump Day! Lets all do da humpty dance!! My cousin was a member of Digital Underground with Humpty Hump and Tupac. It's like when both Time and Newsweek ran Fred Goldman-as-Humpty Dumpty covers... humpty dumpty scares you? what??? so human dissection makes you happy huh. (: did u see the size of his head? Holy humpty dumpty batman! God can put Humpty Dumpty back together again. Randy Jackson looks like Humpty Dumpty(It was a bloated week for him!) Lolol damn dude risk a beat down...dumbass...ol Humpty Dumpty lookin ass Randy Jackson looks like Humpty Dumpty Todd Coffey just ordered RJ and I a Coffey Time shot. So cool! As white boys do the humpty hump! Was in the Burger King bathroom stall adjacent to the one Humpty was 'getting busy' in. I think with Senator Larry Craig. Use to do Club 66 there in 94/95..Had richard humpty vission,devone/ 3 guys on warwick perform there!! was crackin!.. Everyone has done the humpty dance. It's just a matter of admitting it. The humpty dance is your chance to do the hump I could have gone all my life without knowing about the humpty dance. But no. D| You should totally be ashamed to know me. I lure you in, make you think I'm normal and then I tell you about the humpty dance Nom nom nom humpty dance En En's quote of the day: If Humpty Dumpty is a good person, then why is he always falling? Er... humpty dance? Do I want to know? I'm doing the humpty dance WTF is Randy wearing?? humpty dumpty tryouts for alice in wonderland are tomorrow. i'm trying out for humpty. From the Cato Inst: Sorry, O: It Is a Tax by Michael D. Tanner: "When I use a word," Humpty .. featuringg humpty dumpty ! hahahaaa ! ... Funniest quote of the day (so far): "I thought he was cute in a Humpty Dumpty kinda way" Ha ha ha... Donnies been a naughty humpty-dumpty DDUB me thinks! LOL just kiddin babe! xx LMMFAO!!! I def got the Humpty!! Pronounced with the umpty! "I wish every radio station would have the humpty dance in rotation." eva notice dat the homeboy of da dude dat's supposedly hot usually is more successful.... Jay-z and Jaz, Nelly and Ali, 2pac and humpty lol look like the nigga that made the "humpty dance" hahahahaha is the ghost writer of THE HUMPTY DANCE! Humpty Humps nose is jealous of Travis? The Humpty Dumpty Love Song Travis?? gumshoe! BE IN THE HUMPTY HUMP NOSE N GLASSES AND A TRENCH COAT WIT BINOCULARS INVESTIGATIN YA LIFE He could go on tour as G-Shock (aka Humpty Hump) from Digital UNDERGROUND? Black glasses = the Humpty Hump mask<--damnnnnnn lol some jawn goin in on cus she got a nose like HUMPTY Black glasses = the Humpty Hump mask looks like Humpty Nose. Do the Humpty Hump!!!
Seward Collins didn't do them any favors either. JCR later repudiated Agrarianism, too. Ever read "God Without Thunder"?
1stOnline Global Markets in Review: Risky Assets Stumble - Prieur du Plessis submits: After hitting its best levels... Global Markets in Review: Risky Assets Stumble: Prieur du Plessis submits: A.. Global Markets in Review: Risky Assets Stumble: Prieur du Plessis submits: After hitting its best levels of the.. Market Headwinds: Dow Jones vs. Monetary Base: Prieur du Plessis submits: Th.. S&P Tech Returns to Pre-Lehman Levels: Now What?: Prieur du Plessis submits: The below, of Bespo.. Market Headwinds: Dow Jones vs. Monetary Base: Prieur du Plessis submits: The below comes of And.. Investment Postcards Bonds & Equities: Expect a major shift: This post is a guest contribution by Bonds & equities: Expect a major shift: This post is a guest contrib. // (guest blog by on site) $$ of the Day: DJ vs Monetary Base // data point my latest blog (via site) $$ Investment Postcards of the Day: DJ vs Monetary Base // data my latest blog (via Investment Postcards Bonds & equities: Expect a major (guest blog by via site) Investment Postcards Bonds & equities: Expect a major shift: This post is a guest contribut.. Investment Postcards of the Day: Dow Jones vs Monetary Base: This post features a cha.. Investment Postcards Bonds & equities: Expect a major shift: This post is a guest contribut.. Investment Postcards of the Day: Dow Jones vs Monetary Base: This post features a cha.. Thank youuuuuu for being so darn there Ms Prieur! :-) :-) terrific explanation of why gold=money. Doug Casey on gold:. Investment Postcards Doug Casey on gold: Although Doug Casey is also somewhat of a perma go.. Somehow missed these added segments of Marc Faber on Tech Ticker (thx $$ Investment Postcards Mark Faber video bonanza: Marc Faber, editor of The Gloom, Boom & .. Investment Postcards Tech sector closes above pre-Lehman levels: The S&P 500 Technology.. Investment Postcards of the Day: Layoff massacres persist: There are green shoots of d.. Investment Postcards The Fed weather update: A to accompany the FOMC policy statement. A good critique of transhumanism from one of my fave bloggers, Ran Prieur: Investment Postcards Medal of Honor: Top analyst Josh Rosner nailed the crisis: This post fe.. Investment Postcards Central bank rates one year from now: According to Morgan Stanley and t.. Equity Market Bulls: History Is Not on Your Side: Prieur du Plessis submits: The stock market assessment below c.. Michael Pettis Talks About China's Future: Prieur du Plessis submits: Michael.. Investment Postcards David Rosenberg: Equity market est tres expensif: The stock market asse.. Investment Postcards Flashing Taylor suggests single digit prime: By Cees Bruggemans, Chief .. Investment Postcards Pettis on China: Michael Pettis, professor of finance at Peking Univers..
ah, it's your back that's damaged not the empennage, my bad! Get well soon!
Me being bored me not wanting to staighten my hair tomorrow =me brading my hair. Wait is it brading or bradding or like some other spelling
I am just frittering away my time ... We actually ended up frittering the day away :) I head back to tomorrow, but I'm sure I will be back in November! Umm, yeah 'cause a Kiddieland documentary & drinking Sam Adams Octoberfest, that's not frittering. Thrilled to hear the dogs have returned. Wonder if they've been frittering away their money down the dogs? I'm frittering the day away again....I need to be more organised! I must work and stop frittering on twittering! Hope you all have a good day - maybe later...xxx Follow Friday Underfollowed Extravaganza! If you don't follow follow by now, you're frittering your life away. Oh, wait. Feeling guilty about frittering away my morning on the sunny sofa with a book - really must settle down and do some work now! Creating Order Tip: If you find yourself frittering away time surfing on the computer, set a timer and allow yourself a limited time Goodness, there are privacy settings that let people hide the fact they are frittering their time away. lept onto computer to early this morning must decide my priorities beffore frittering away my time frittering away the evening on-line in buenos aires, frittering away a few months and embarassing myself in front of a new crop of foreigners who are far too young frittering assholes at work can keep hating me, and i'll keep picking up their slack and laughing my way to the bank. Eliz is twittering instead of working on the next scene. Twittering does rhyme w/frittering. Get to work! -Maeve. you earned itt chick, you spend it. I bought some boots on my lunch so dont feel alone in frittering your money xx Hurrah thanks for your reassurances that frittering away cash on boots & ballet pumps is good for the economy & ones mental state x Ever notice how Twittering and Frittering are so similar? hopefully - Ive just got to avoid frittering my kids free morning away sat here in front of the screen, twittering.. has come home from a meeting at school, drunk a glass of wine and is now frittering away time on the hinternet ;) In town frittering away money and time Is twittering and frittering away. If I could figure out the search by keyword function on twitter I'd follow everyone, fo sho! frittering away another evening in a cheerful manner interspersed with arguments and talk of orgies
Only if you've ticked the moral turpitude box "YES" lol its too much debauchery, indecency, salaciousness, wantonness, sybaritism, turpitude, & profligacy on Twitter LOL its too much debauchery, indecency, salaciousness, wantonness, sybaritism, turpitude, & profligacy on Twitter (yep i write for a living)BANG its too much debauchery, indecency, salaciousness, wantonness, sybaritism, turpitude, & profligacy on Twitter (yep i write for a living)BANG writing to Mr Ambassador, the Hon. Daniel M. Rooney on basis of moral turpitude. Third defense of Tommy Tiernan is singularly chilling "Moral Turpitude"was always my favorite when I would check backgrounds. .. 8 yr old girl with crush on 16 yr old neighbour, turns into 16 yr old pop idolette when rained on. Moral turpitude ahoy. .. 'promotion' at any age. After all we are 'vile creatures flaunting sexual perversion & preaching moral turpitude. They are the ones sparking division, moral turpitude insecurity, ignorant bigotry & intolerance. Nazi vermin. The BNP called LGBT people filthy despicable creatures who flaunt sexual perversion & cause moral turpitude. word of the day, Turpitude: the condition of being wicked. ... but can you confirm that you have not committed deeds of moral turpitude? is at work researching about moral turpitude and good moral character! Try to slip the word "turpitude" in without them noticing, or even better the words "amoral turpitude" ;-) debating the moral turpitude of bagels with today at 9th Cir says Cal. receipt of stolen isn't crime involving moral turpitude On the Fraud and moral turpitude scale ACORN has a lot to catch up with Republicans, AIG new post at 9th Circuit: CA conviction for receipt of stolen isn't crime involving moral turpitude The BNP bigots say I flaunt my sexual perversion and moral turpitude because I am gay, and that is inflammatory and hateful. Members of the BNP have called LGBT people vile disgusting creatures who flaunt their sexual perversion/ moral turpitude.
I got my touch of class already this morning as a tattooed arm reached out of a child bearing hipped truck for 10 seconds of flipping off. Bearing the Make`Up in my Face before going to bed. :> Each day comes bearing its own gifts. Untie the ribbons. ~Ruth Ann Schabacker i am in the library a minimum of six times a week. yet i am still by the movable wall piece bearing the word "Push" got the email, no probs with the photos - no bearing on the SEO so can change ltr this wk :-) Trying to motivate myself to design something new. I think a Ford 9" locker for the large bearing case. or a new front axle for toyota...? Tech Tip of the day: Fitting load bearing accessories to the panels Please Tech Tip of the day: Fitting load bearing accessories to the panels lets. ths wknd. Mite hv an open hse at my place both can come bearing goss. Xx This story is bearing down swiftly on our Kanye West opinion piece in terms of hits! A lie oft repeated does not a truth make. You have a prohibition against bearing false witness, yes? Great iPhone/iTouch app. RepairPal. Saved us $400 for wheel bearing replacement for our 2004 Quest. The Nissan dealer is bugging! Billing system would have no bearing on what speed your line can We always deliver the fastest speed for your line Great iPhone/iTouch app. RepairPal. Saves $400 for wheel bearing replacement for our 04 Quest. Nissan Dealer is bugging! Great iPhone/iTouch app. RepairPal. Saves $400 for wheel bearing replacement for our 04 Quest. Nissan Dealer is bugging! God gave humans the ability to bear image. But I can't help but notice, for the most we r not bearing his image. What image are we ... fabrication bearing little if any resemblance 2 a "historical Jesus" granting that one actually existed, because proof is skimpy Am sceptical about this, bearing in mind the dodgy history of subliminal influence "Negative subliminal messages work" how was dinner? Did the muffins recover?! What should I wear with over-knee sweater dress bearing in mind little fat legs? Beware Of Bibliophiles Bearing Bedbugs Every man goes down to his death bearing in his hands only that which he has given away. - Persian Proverb Where is good to stay in Madrid, bearing in mind my bank account will be bruised and depressed at the end of a 10-day trip? Worst tree in the world for by a sidewalk: Fruit-bearing trees. And people eating trees of course. Ummm, how about the woman has super bearing power?...and extra room in there? ...it's freaky man! Every man goes down to his death bearing in his hands only that which he has given away. - Persian Proverb I have the domain name for our site devoted to the hug me sign-bearing, bookstore-camping, aspects of otaku culture. XD Good news at hospital - ankle healing well - no swelling - return in 4 weeks- still no weight bearing. Loads of geese in fields near CBay The titan, Lar, has spotted the elven caravan, crossed the river and is now bearing down on the traders. not sure about post layne AIC. Is it any good, bearing in mind that I think that mr stayley was an deity! now we're getting to the point, the seeds of discord are bearing bitter fruit... united you stand, divided you fall, choose More Malware-bearing Ads Appear on and -> [BlogNetNewsHR] Bearing Drift: Standing up for Chris Stolle: Heading into October, citizens and .. Whoa! The Persians are coming! More missiles, some bearing feline flu etc. (via How To Handle An Over-Bearing Soon To Be Mother-In-Law? oh drat! I should know for sure by the end of this week; thanks for bearing with me; you're a gem love! bearing up under the strain? Possible Carrier bearing New Word: gravitas stands for formality in bearing and appearance - Can't quite get how anyone can Roman Polanski. His status/age should have no bearing on his crime. Bananas & Bearing Up: ...bearing Cuban goods in the trunk. Hehe. Couldn't find your exact brands, but the proprietor assured me I got the good stuff.
pls continue praying for the filipino community Looks like Jet Fuel Prices continue the trend downward. Come on america, gas up those turbines and make some money tomorrow the cours continue study hard, Just woke up :) About to put my room back together and continue a search for a life in a2. Aides Continue To Work On Budget Agreement: More than a week after a state budget breakthrough was announced, P.. awesome job Bradd. You family now homie so let's continue to tear this damn thing down. Ya dig?!? you should continue your conversation via text message..... Yes, but the fact of the matter is,he did it,he admitted to it,Y should he not serve time for his crime & continue to be celebrated? King v. King lawsuit held a shareholders meeting ordered by Judge Ural Glanville. They continue to negotiate a settlement. LMAO! Let me continue that by saying I think that Plies is an abomination. I'm pretty sure he is. Sorry; darn 140 char limit & I forgot to continue :( Were u looking for them (someone) to write your campaign theme song? Hi!!! Wow, it was great meeting you too! And now we can continue our conversations here :-) dopplr just acquired by nokia we'll continue to see social network content mobilized and localized i'm kidding. :o) continue. its humorous. lol I think I'll continue it 2morrow morning... That's too much!! Build a Stronger America Movement - survey: 80% believe US economy has been/will continue to be built by entrepreneurs Thank you Lord for waking us this blessed day please continue to guide and protect us as we make our way. All praise is due. continue watching The Tudors season 3 OMG I AM SO FRIGGING TIRED. I just finished writing my Physics Notes! Will continue with Chem tmr lah k. Goodnight everyone! TODO: Finish continue prep, lecture for finish contact followups. Not all in one day. My plan was to continue studying at Sbucks. That was until white trash america decided to have a throwdown. Headed to campus. today my day well, I'm sure that took a high note in and writing. I hope the good days continue. New blog post: Unity3D - continue playing cant decide whether to continue growing hair, get extensions? or cut it all off Sarah Harding style? Terrorists continue to issue statements threatening to carry out attacks in the Gulf region. Please gurls,i'm honored to be your burning-bushes, please stick to this and continue striving to God. And they continue lining up at the gates... Please continue this argument that seems to b going no where... its Then would you continue to do so, beyond you ability to afford it?....... Why should we as a nation?! SCREW's new album is by far the best thing they have ever released. I hope they continue being as amazing as they are actually... The International Restaurant Week is on a layover, we will continue it this week too! Looks like Russel will continue to ruin any oromise the season held for the Raiders Consumers Plan to Continue Cutting Back Homes 4 sale continue to drop in Active 1477, 158 REOs, 452 Sales, 63% of pending sales are sales. (Yikes!) will bathe then continue my paper.xp Urgh. Not in the mood to continue my assignment. Gonna update my blog, facebook and myspace now. Makes me smile :) management has done, continue to business -___- hoam hoaaaaaaam Headed for the Bay Area this week. First stop, the Walt Disney Family Museum as preparations continue for the October 1st opening. Creating my website, and then poem vote will begin this evening and continue for the next three days. Michael Pettis made strong argument that China really has no choice but to continue to finance US debt. Options less attractive. More cases of post-traumatic stress disorder are diagnosed as two wars continue HELP INFORMATION: -Pls pass!Compiled info abt where/how to continue helping out.@StatusMagazine As as my life can be, one thing is training for Triathlons will continue regardless...I'm running tonight for sure! you need some Tenerife on that site! The sun shines & the sales continue all winter! Me too but at that price I'll continue dreaming. Fairpoint's financials continue drift towards bankruptcy & delisting. More grim news for its Maine customers: This is the hardest time of the year,it will continue to be that way for years to come,with lots of tears and a heavy 2 services
House for sale in Tidewater Trail, VA - Mainland waterfront, Newly built. 289,950 - 3BR/2BA 1232sf 9/28 Tidewater News Criminal Returns to Work ... [BlogNetNewsHR] Tidewater News Criminal Returns to Work with NFL: Feasted on fresh spot today at 48th NC Spot Festival in Hampstead. Those spot swam from my home waters of Tidewater VA. Tidewater for 's was amazing. Happy brother! :) Going vegetarian would reduce greenhouse gase - Tidewater News I live inland, but that's the beach we go to, to avoid tourists... please spend $$, Tidewater needs your tax $$ - If you cant read what it says... "The tapdancing terror of tidewater" ha classic. Is this the cemetery off of Princess Anne between Monticello & Tidewater? Just finished lunch w/ the Student Ministry staff. Love their & dedication to reaching and making disciples of students in Tidewater! House for sale in Tidewater Trail, VA - Mainland waterfront, Newly built. 289,950 - 3BR/2BA 1232sf 9/27 ready for dis showdown with phil today go tidewater legends and of course buffalo bills Planning to go back and eat at tidewater again real real soon. All these Gordon Ramsey shows are turning me into an maybe not Good Auction tonight at Tidewater Auction Co. in Chesapeake. Lots of jewelry went really cheap! okay so philly steak on tidewater drive dont take da plastic...only cash...lordaa merciiieee.... In the monthly magazine-The Rundown-there is a list of special discounts for Tidewater Striders such as 50% off for chiropractic services. Correction from Friday night: Fuqua School 49, Tidewater Academy 30 . NOT Fuqua 49-8. Sorry about that. Staff Scientists Engineers Tidewater Inc Columbia MD Cloudy here in Tidewater VA today. Cooling my heals producing IWA homecoming event on soggy field. We won 35-0 & granddaughter was Queen. The best choice for SPSA - Tidewater News: Going vegetarian would reduce greenhouse gase - Tidewater News House for sale in Tidewater Trail, VA - Mainland waterfront, Newly built. 289,950 - 3BR/2BA 1232sf 9/26 KC4AG Fundraiser: The Tidewater Virginia Ron Paul Meetup Group We're doing it again... Join C.. 757! The Tidewater Star show airs in 5 Min! 1350 WGPL. just left the abc store about get right. What u know about tidewater? whatz crakin big homie!? what it be like in da TideWater!? Oh Tidewater traffic, you are a constant in my life. Norfolk ho! is going to watch Channel 3 news at 5:45 pm tonight to fellow Tidewater NOW member Roxie Hoven talk about... Va. Traffic On US-17 (Tidewater Trl) in the County of Essex, in the vicinity of the ramp at.. wants you to watch Channel 3 news at 5:45pm TONIGHT to watch fellow Tidewater NOW member Roxie talk about the... Just posted on ActiveRain: MONTGOMERY COUNTY MD TRUSTEE SALES, TIDEWATER AUCTIONS Just posted on ActiveRain: PRINCE GEORGE'S COUNTY MD TRUSTEE SALES, TIDEWATER AUCTIONS Just posted on ActiveRain: FREDERICK COUNTY MD TRUSTEE SALES, TIDEWATER AUCTIONS yeah, the one thing I don't miss aout the Tidewater area! leavin ODU ...sittin in some thick ass traffic....ugggggghhh ... had pleasure of Tidewater Virginia friends & visitors David and Frances Williams and Helen Landy (of Stilton)! @ GOOD!!! Stay away from there! Lol not a damn thing Lmao! What you know about Diggs&Tidewater Park? @ ... not a damn thing Lmao! What you know about Diggs&Tidewater Park? do they call projects ... Lmao! What you know about Diggs&Tidewater Park? do they call projects "parks" fuckouttahere dem aint no ... House for sale in Tidewater Trail, VA - Mainland waterfront, Newly built. 289,950 - 3BR/2BA 1232sf 9/25 A formidable flu season II: Is it the flu? - Tidewater News : A formidable flu season II: Is it the flu? - Tidewater News : I-64 EB at Tidewater drive has re-opened after this morning's crash! No other delays so far! Happy Friday! Police are working a traffic crash on I-64 EB near Tidewater drive in Norfolk. There are of several injuries. I-64 EB is blocked. Best wings on this side of the tidewater. BWW holla at me Tidewater Kayak Anglers Association Tournament this weekend. Wish me luck! JV volleyball right now. We are in Wakefield, playing Tidewater Academy.
I went in and completely deleted my name and then re-created another one and then it worked! no the day I was unfollowing people I went a little overboard and accidentally deleted ppl I didn't want 2 delete so I am I deleted a Why do I have 402 followers!? Am I THAT interesting?! I'm thinking there are some bots I need to get rid ... naz deleted her twitter :( MY LAPTOP IS BROKEN. DELETED EVERYTHING. EVEN MY ACCOUNT THING. OMG. :[ WHAAAT HAPPENED?!?!!? at school we are doing dumb scratch games >< my project got deleted o.O have to all over again ): haha nawww! I was wondering why you deleted. he deleted his tweets again........... i may be deleted but what that mean? you prolly still reading my status' so what that tell you...i'll remem ... At work sleepy as hell... still upset about my phone pics being deleted. Some of them were classic. lol I got money 2 blow. I def gotta check it. I fucks wit weezy &drake. Birdman verse couldve been deleted but its his song lol omfggg steven starstruck deleted his twitter! aha cause he's a FAKE I'm gonna need those pics from last night to be deleted. Thank You. No, it's gone. They recently deleted the various sub-forums for the Trek shows in order to make the board smaller. Grr. nawh . i did buh i deleted it -_- did you see that deleted all his tweets again? Someone needs to help him get his mind straight! Anyone who had me on Facebook and no longer do, it's because I deleted my account a while ago. Nothing personal. Damn, broke up with my GF last night, thinkin we'd still b friends, today she deleted me from her twitter n myspace. Guess she disagrees. BREAKING NEWS: Paul B Kearney has deleted his Facebook! There goes his saturday nights.... no, but will try next time. Deleted too much & have made work 4 myself. Have to store albums somewhere else i found out! They are not deleted? Oh? Where do I find my very first tweet 2 years ago? LOL LOL!!! --> Over 2 billion downloads from the iTunes App Store. Only 1.95 billion deleted. siLLy girL.. i deLEted hmm.. aLmost a hUndred unknowN pipOL on my fb .. hahaha ... :))))) Morning tweeps! So jon deleted he's tweets ha! Something is not right. No jordan, no Jon. siLLy girL.. i deLEted hmm.. aLmost a hUndred unknow pipOL on my fb .. hahaha ... :))))) 2 Billion Apps Downloaded From the Apple App Store -- But how many are free apps deleted within 2 mins? Deleted my app! It was messing up my phone :| cities folder deleted. reopened maps and d/l city again. No change, still no 3d on "tilted" maps LOL!!! --> Over 2 billion downloads from the iTunes App Store. Only 1.95 billion deleted. I learned to let go of all negativity..so I deleted numbers...and trying to erase... Deleted and retweeted - url typo then ill make another one hahaha but not have all the shit on that i had on the one i deleted -.- Good news: Entourage/iCal no longer creating mass duplication of my calendar events. Bad news: Entourage/iCal deleted most of my events. tried uploading the me,@Maximum_Flight,@Naytie video onto but deleted it cuz the audio got muted :( deleted my account on the computer hehe wondering what percentage of those 2 billion iPhone app downloads are people redownloading an app they had previously but deleted. Dopplr account deleted. Yay! got his name wrong so deleted it. You know who i mean though. Jon deleted his tweets again & removed "be back soon" from his page...leaving NK? Jordan's MIA from twitter..... It seems like u have more Deleted scenes than an actual film I'm just interested in ur plot points n juicy middle Received online email with Amex current balance. Deleted without reading LOL!! Must have plugins for WordPress: As the other thread was deleted here is my question again. Do you guys know any BTW in case u don't know Jon deleted tweets again & bio w/be back soon gone too! yeah, so I deleted my first account from tweetdeck, and it worked, but since I've added it back.... Humans Unite just deleted couple of the bot ho's from followers ..aware that it's a losing battle, i just can't help myself Your tweets aren't deleted, but you just can't see them anymore. Not so cool. :( pero she deleted na yung mga tweets nya during the storm na super shallow, marami kasi atang umaway sa kanya haha! had some prob with my mobileme account, had to delete it and resync and that deleted all the content! Long.. so no numbers Didn't take a lot of pics here. Well, we did but I ACCIDENTALLY deleted them all........anyway! This is a problem bcs I need new pics! NEED!
&65JONAS BROTHERS&65 luving my Ray Bans! ja :D agh english class is so boring and confusing! ... FDA bans fruit flavored cigarettes in an attempt to stop kids from smoking. You go FDA! surely there is something in the Geneva Conventions that bans windoze launch New Zealand bans mobile phone navigation while driving--but PNDs are legal New blog post: Hugo Chavez hates Family Guy, bans it PLEASE Help me earn more money! - Seems a bit scary Truckers want exemption to driving-while-texting bans INSIGHTS- UK BANS AUTOMATIC BANK EXEC BONUSES. yes exactly the US needs to because it was the greedy wall st... Dust storm threat eases: BLUSTERY winds and dry conditions will force fire bans to continue over much of the st.. Dust storm threat eases: BLUSTERY winds and dry conditions will force fire bans to continue over much of the st.. Australian town bans bottled water Australian town bans bottled water - they'll have regrets chugging back soda and beer as convenience drinks. Waistlines will grow! Australian town bans bottles water. Awesome. This is dumb: No Tweets for You! NFL Bans Tweets Before, During, and After Games This is dumb: No Tweets for You! NFL Bans Tweets Before, During, and After Games me 2 lol vans aren't that expensive but I want me some ray bans ima keep savinn Australian town bans bottled water Fantastic since one-use water bottles are absurd I want a pair of vans & ray bans =// I need to go shoppin asap [Good for them] Australian town bans bottled water. Whaaaat!? via Why didn't the US Ambassador not impose bans on MP's who rejected the Special Tribunal bill the first time it was presented in Parliament? Australian town bans bottled water. Whaaaat!? City mandates topsoil, bans St. Augustine grass woo, b'day in 17days. // Ray - Bans : D // 35days. ... Australian town bans bottled water. Whaaaat!? Inside this Libguide: a Google map showing book bans and challenges for 2007-2009 and case information; resources... A Happy Hospitalist: Do Smoking Bans Reduce Attacks? attack rates fall 17% after smoking bans enacted: (via Brit Labour deputy leader bans topless calendars in workplace- The British National won its first two Europea... Austrailia Town bans bottled water This is dumb: No Tweets for You! NFL Bans Tweets Before, During, and After Games ok the votes r in..screaming mimi's it is..too many ppl wearing ray bans now ne way Venezuela bans Family Guy because "it promotes the use of marijuana." Niche Store guide from the creators of BANS - They should invent something that bans you from using the internet when you're drunk. INSIGHTS- UK BANS AUTOMATIC BANK EXEC BONUSES. Now if only the US could follow their lead.... hmm which shades should i wear..black ray bans or black screaming mimi's? hard choice Venezuela Bans Family Guy FDA Bans Clove Cigarettes Effective Immediately : Effective immediately, the Food and Drug Admi.. Australian Town Bans Bottled Water One step forward or two steps back? New Zealand bans cell phone use while driving. dangillmor: New Zealand bans cellphones driving, even mounted as GPS. Next: banning GPS devices that have phones as add-ons: dangillmor:.. Learn how I make money with Niche Websites - Venezuela bans Family Guy because Brian the talking dog favors legalizing pot Just saw this on Yahoo news page: hopes of stopping Book Bans New Zealand bans cellphones driving, even mounted as GPS. Next: banning GPS devices that have phones as add-ons
man the door is like the worst place if u wanna keep frenz but farreal who the cover this aint the swap meet Life has meaning only if one it day by day for something other than itself. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery I just finished this one as a website, thank god it's over, nevermore Researching innovative clinic in Borneo which medical care for villagers for protection of jungle. Also...has cash for rents, but not really up anything (maybe down) since John likes to get screwed on craigslists I want to be a private dick. A detective, you know, one that goes about oceans and stuff and for clothing. Something real strange. "Life has meaning only if one it day by day for something other than itself." Oh my little good deeds :) Life has meaning only if one it day by day for something other than itself. - Antoine de Sai Q5: I know a pro who tuition at child's private school. Works for her. Life has meaning only if one it day by day for something other than itself.Antoine de Saint-Exupery Kelly, can you tell us more about the & how you do them? I am feeling really blessed right now :) Have a great bunch of interns, some fabulous I'm working on & Really Getting Things Done! I'll b magic @ premier mixer on Oct 5@6pm MacAlpine's Restaurant & Soda Fountain 2303 N. 7th Street. come2have fun &get into Life has meaning only if one it day by day for something other than itself. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery New Blog Post "Hotel Open Room Nights for NEW Mattresses" BODY Buys, Vintage Unique Coffeephanalia Percolaters, Mokka Pots,FrenchPress Etc.Yes I Pan Roasted c|_| Hotel Open Room Nights for NEW Mattresses | ... Life has meaning only if one it day by day for something other than itself. - Antoine de Sai I found local teacher who teaches fiddle rather than classical (what i wanted), $20 a lesson but also for yarn. :p Life has meaning only if one it day by day for something other than itself. Antoine de Saint-Exupery ... Biz in southern Utah now has over 30 local members and your business can enjoy the benifits also go to
- 'fan' for fanatic, fan from latin 'vannus' fan/winnow. 2nd is Etymology: Middle English, from Old English fann, from Latin vannus-winnow(Means to move air in fanning motion) Attempting to winnow down my book collection, yet powerless to resist a visit to the Victoria College Book Sale today: just saw thru the winnow as i drove by...makin that secret recipie ;) Is. 41:16 You will winnow them, the wind will pick them up, and a gale will blow them away. But you will rejoice in (cont) Fluff poetry contest entries about to go to local poet Gary Deuhr who will winnow out finalists. We've got some awesome ones on our facebook Updated my blog with Here's a Snappy Scheme to Winnow Your Child Crib Sets UI sketching should be small & lo-fi. Ur trying to iterate quickly then winnow down to the good ideas. (via / UI sketching should be small & lo-fi. You're trying to iterate quickly then winnow down to the good ideas. UI sketching should be small & lo-fi. You're trying to iterate quickly then winnow down to the good ideas. (via UI sketching should be small and low-fidelity. You're trying to iterate quickly, and then winnow down to the good ideas.
i will sorely, sorely miss my once-every-couple-of-months clove cig indulgence. :( i think that's overstepping the bounds.
The only rock that floats in water is pumice. Did you try pumice yet? Surely theres a mini-marathon somwhere 4 oxymoron that it is. Obama/Medvedev love-in - will it last? I think I could do with getting a pumice stone ^^" Using a Pumice Chimney System aids performance and reduces condensation and soot build-up. The only rock that floats in water is pumice. note 3 to self: perfume. moisturizer. eyeliner. mascara. foot soak. cooling spray. pumice. c&c. kinderbueno. The only rock that floats in water is pumice. Pumice Stone manufacturer Guangzhou Baifen Personal Care Products Limited Company updated website on HelloTrade SAVE $0.76 - Mr. Pumice Pumi Bar Ultimate ( Coarse/Green - Medium/Lavender ) 1 Pumice Bar $2.99 The only rock that floats in water is pumice. Time for a bubble bath and some Celine Dion ... and I need to pumice my heels. I have a piece of pumice, Pulled it out of Gulf of Mex.Just before I raced Hurricane Katrina Wonder where it came from, my hole-y roc Impressed with VIP Nails so far. Guy I have is really taking his time and didn't me with the pumice stone. Also gave a great massage. Ew, my foot is peeling. I really need that pumice stone, but I can't find any. Permatex 25219 Fast Orange Pumice Lotion Hand Cleaner Permatex 25219 Fast Orange Pumice Lotion Hand Cleaner Permatex 25219 Fast Orange Pumice Lotion Hand Cleaner Permatex 25219 Fast Orange Pumice Lotion Hand Cleaner Permatex 25219 Fast Orange Pumice Lotion Hand Cleaner Permatex 25219 Fast Orange Pumice Lotion Hand Cleaner Permatex 25219 Fast Orange Pumice Lotion Hand Cleaner Permatex 25219 Fast Orange Pumice Lotion Hand Cleaner Permatex 25219 Fast Orange Pumice Lotion Hand Cleaner Permatex 25219 Fast Orange Pumice Lotion Hand Cleaner Permatex 25219 Fast Orange Pumice Lotion Hand Cleaner Permatex 25219 Fast Orange Pumice Lotion Hand Cleaner Hmm, waiting at LAX there is a woman next to us scrubbing her feet with a pumice stone! Really?!?! This is srsly a very imp question. Potato or Pumice? I would do a lot of things right now 4 a pumice stone. SAVE $0.76 - Mr. Pumice Pumi Bar Purple Extra-Coarse $2.99 The only rock that floats in water is pumice. My feet are making snaggy noises on the blanket.My pumice stone and I are going to have some one on one time in the shower today to whom do I give this neat new booklet polished up lately with dry pumice? Is she using a Pumice Stone? You can buy them at Walgreens. I was holding one in my hand just the other night. But my feet are ok The only rock that floats in water is pumice. HMS haute product...one of many....Bioelements Pumice Peel! Available at Season's Salon & Spa!... SAVE $0.76 - Mr. Pumice Pumi Bar Ultimate ( Coarse/Green - Medium/Lavender ) 1 Pumice Bar $2.99 body scrub, bath salts, foot scrub, emory board, pumice stone *sigh* foot massages I'm good, nay, great with (rawr), it's the pumice/scrubby action that gets me tickled. -- Me too! foot massages I'm good, nay, great with (rawr), it's the pumice/scrubby action that gets me tickled. The only rock that floats in water is pumice. you'll appreciate my view she could use your gals pumice stone too. There's a lady in the juror room, shoes off, feet up on a table. You're not at home lady. And you could use a pumice stone. The only rock that floats in water is pumice. Official distributor in Ireland of Isokern Pumice Chimneys The only rock that floats in water is pumice. The only rock that floats in water is pumice. The only rock that floats in water is pumice. The only rock that floats in water is pumice. SAVE $0.76 - Mr. Pumice Pumi Bar Purple Extra-Coarse $2.99
Just watched Flashpoint(one of the best shows ever!) :( soo sad! Lew <3 :( FLASHPOINT made me cry :( watching flashpoint its so awesome tonight but someone in crew one dies :( Watching liking this show...but they just blew up my fav character!!! :-( aha yeh, ive got so many games to get :( prob try fifa, assassins creed 2, operation flashpoint, 2, MW2, GT5 maybe :( awe mark Taylor was just killed off of flashpoint on the first episode of the season. so sad when he was cryin on the phone to his dad :( sadder than grey's. Cried for like, 15 minutes straight, stopped, then cried some more. RIP Lou :( aw Spike is sweet. was really sad tonight. :( Flashpoint... :( SO SAD! Flashpoint made me cry :( I can't believe Lewis died! It's so sad! :'( ; flashpoint was so sad :( no idea :( yeaa we should!! now that my computers back & all!!! but i'm not gunna be here from 10-11, Flashpoint is on :P HAHAHHAHA we have to live up to our name :P rabid fan girlsssss This isn't working.. :( copy and paste !! :P he.... gave you..... WINE? lucckkyyy duck :P Saw Flashpoint via east coast feed. Congrats on S3 premiere. Excellent episode guys. But..... :( Indeed! :P Hopefully I'll be alright at Flashpoint too though. i wish i could see flashpoint tonight... but we dont get ctv. :( Flashpoint premiers tomorrow! yeah!! sorry U.S. viewers you have to wait till January :( Cant wait till the Demo of Operation Flashpoint Dragon Rising comes!! :( Hurry Codemasters!
So, someone hired a petting zoo for their kids in one of the years i ran by yesterday. Ponies, llamas and sheep galore! Pick Your Own Pumpkins going to Abma's Farm today, petting zoo, hayrides, pumpkin patch more! Pick Your Own Pumpkins going to Abma's Farm today, petting zoo, hayrides, pumpkin patch more! will post photos! LMFAO PETTING! oh god. "No petting, Steph." "Wait whats petting?" "uhhhhh....." LMFAO FACK THATS JUST AMAZING. same context? LOL! - Lunch, shopping & a PETTING ZOO!? Well, I'm sold. I knew I loved Josh for a reason! Haha. ... I realised that a small press fair is more like a petting zoo than a farmer's market. Tyra banks just used the word PETTING! BAHAHAHAHHAA! no let me know what you find out! We usually just go to this place in inver grove that has a petting zoo and other fun stuff Heavy Petting: Pet Events for the Week of Sept. 28: Tuesday September 29 - Hound Hike - Blendon W.. I have a show at the osborn farm with Petting Zoo,Horse Rides, Music. Come and drop bye and say hello: so tired! we did Green Meadows (a petting farm) SeaWorld this weekend. Had a blast, but now I'm worked... & still expected TO work today. The petting farm has been nominated for the prestigious World Architecture Festival Awards (WAF Awards) 2009.... [pic] Impress kids on the cheap, with a visit to Rosebank Farms' free petting zoo Sitting at a booth w/ my handmade books, I realised that a small press fair is more like a petting zoo than a farmer's market. Chl is here for the day. Yea. She is too busy petting puppies to give us hugs. What is up with that. LOL Fair is fried food, lights and strange aromas: I do indulge my inner child with a visit to the petting zoo. It&.. must smooth-talk and to gain pig petting favours ... (will take v large handbag - bwahaha!) Jeez... 2,400 people die/year from rabies in Rethinking petting all those little chocolate poodles that are all over CBD... Parents urged not to avoid petting farms: PETTING farms in Gwent are urging parents not to keep their youngster.. i do not recommend petting dogs you dont know, even if the owner says "Oh yeah, she's a sweet little puppy! She won't you!" Going to visit Nursing Home so dogs rolled on dead fish now running bath for them. They will be squeaky clean for their petting session. I could make a suggestion involving petting farms but it would be in very bad taste.... ;-) I'm watching a rerun of ABDC where Afroborike did "I'mASlaveForU" and those girls keep petting that python like they want to "excite" it... Parents urged not to avoid petting farms ziggy just caught me petting a new stray. he ran up to hiss at the new kid and scream at me, then left in a huff, refused to let me pet him. we petting goats,sheep,horses..all that.oh and we feeding them too:D Listening to Flogging Molly while petting my lovely cat at 2 in the morning. Fewer things are more relaxing. Feeling very mad scientist with this pink boa around my neck. Maybe the mad scientist is me petting it. Highlights from Abbot Kinney Fest today: Leonardo DeCaprio, Brand X booth, people watching, babies and chickens in the petting zoo. Guess i lost track of time petting my pussy. and im talking bout my cat of course ;] Second time in a week that Dana has said these words to me, about me, Its like petting a dog. Nice, runt, nice. Second time in a week that Dana has said these words to me, about me, 'Its like petting a dog'. Nice, runt, nice. and I'm pretty sleepy. I should go before I can't drive. *laughs and stands up, petting Duke on the head* Night, boy! Small world, how did Liam like the cornmaze ? loved the petting zoo, especially the rabbits. Great weekend at the Fall Festival. Kids of all ages enjoyed making music at our "instrument petting zoo".... Petting zoo! Omg it's all baby animals! - At the Metro Zoo, petting stigrays with the kids. I've realizd it, by just petting my cat. nuthng more nuthng less, Has crass comercialism led us that far asunder First wakes me up from a nap by petting me, THEN he laughs at me when I'm No respect, I tell you. oh shit son hang on. They're PETTING him Why are the "silly scents" in the Crayola marker pack so normal? Vanilla & cherry aren't silly. Burnt hair & petting zoo is more like it. Want someone who enjoys heavy petting in public? Lowering my blood pressure levels by petting my puppies. :) love my new lip conditioner, with "petting pink" tinted.. love Mbak so much.. terima kassssiihhhhh... :) We'll be setting up a human petting zoo at the next Work Less on Oct 17th. When I was at the Grove I saw the cutest Keeshound w/his owner. They couldn't walk with all the people petting the dog! lol who's up for some kissing and heavy petting? 'cause i got both right here. free of charge!!! uncle ke is petting my head -_-. he just ran away.
I agree Grey's was lame... Not how much longer I am going to give it a chance. lookin out my window...wave are looking grey today.... Such a dreary grey monday. Im wearing a dreary gray Rainy, grey day. that's alright, I like rain. Grey day. Appropriate for the funeral we're heading off to. OK so I'm ranting! Feel much better now. Blame it on the grey sky outside and being hormonally challenged. Pah!! Heh. It probably won't surprise you that I have a creepy half-Burmese bluey-grey cat myself :) i am not an earl grey fan. i like plain old breakfast tea. apa?? Haha, u want me to post some about grey's? It's season 6 here i assumed. So it's up to you. :-) yes... jacky and ah-mei sumer pakai wig beruban. Shades of grey is in? All are in, all of CAs beaches are cold and grey EVERYWHERE that i am... Grey Noise on the top most of the page. Funny! Trying to decide which toms to buy on wed. The blue-grey denim, the navy canvas (stichout) or the new codones. Any preferences? work 12-5 ^_^......i love juan cardona...........yay i can go to the dir en grey all i have to do ... viens de regarder Grey's anatomy S06E02 - viens de regarder Grey's anatomy S06E02 - When is Grey's anatomy being reshown in Kansas City? I don't know when to set my DVR! staring at the grey sky listening to caliente... While waiting for the sta bus I saw an spd cop w/ the perfect 70s cop/porn stache. Except it was grey. Oh ... When the law no longer protects and the joy ride procecutors that enjoy it. Grey areas are a way of life, adjust Love Grey Rainy Days.........Loves'em!! well, strictly speaking it's autumn, of course. but it's cold. and grey. and miserable. which = winter to me i like 'Little Grey' The pre-dawn walk 2 milking was wild this AM. Grey pre-light mist swirld everywhere. As I headed in2 the valley I could feel layers of temp Its raining in Berlin...grey clouds,dark sky.Shit happend without you.where are the sunshine?where are you? dinner at inom muna ng earl grey, para ready sa series marathon mamaya :P yay im wearing your grey one, is that weird? lol gosh were nasty children Grey day in Wroclaw :( But in days like these feels good to stay at home It was the grey one... =( Jean Grey is SO powerful in Mine is just some weird guy with a grey ponytail who probably enjoys cats too much. Showered. Suddenly the grey day seems less gloomy. It was the grey one... =( It's cold, grey, damp, windy. Happy Monday everyone! A lovely shade of grey then? coming soon, limited edition collabo with featuring special edition grey shoe package it's an earl grey kind of day made it through most of the day including the worlds most boring lecture. Just a seminar to go then I can go make my hair not grey. Awake... have had my first cup of earl grey this morning. Now to go to work and hopefully enjoy the day. :p I hope you remembered to DVR Grey's for Kayla. It was really great! And sad :( Grey's Anatomy Season Premiere...anybody watch it?
Face of Battle is great although i prefer A History of Warfare for the overview. And the big C is well read. Share please ... Thanks :D OS 5 overview: I'd like to see the buikd for the 9700 below Overview. Wasn't prepared 4 how moving it would be 2 be in same room as DL. Yet the warmth & laughs made 4 buzzy tone 2 day Overview of the Digestive System: Alternative Health Newsletter - Overview of current Chinese censorship: Afternoon Forex Overview: The U.S. dollar is moderately higher against most currencies Monday morning as invest.. UN Climate talks in bangkok overview Recovery.gov Overview - Windows 7 - Overview Krazit has good overview of Google grappling with the antitrust era tip Sorry Jake, read an overview and it sounded inspiring! Cheers, Jack "Overview of all 90 FOIA countries & territories" (pdf) via obviously request/response objects in are in flux, good overview of req/resp in and Krazit has good overview of Google grappling with the antitrust era - Excellent, timely piece by TK On today's CPE workshop menu: Overview 10-11:30, 12-2:00 Task 1, 2:30-4:00 Task 2 and 4:30-6:00 Graphs. All take place in N-404. Whoopie! Market overview from Currencies Direct IHS CERA Macroeconomic and Global Energy Overview Conference Call - Sept 28/09 11 AM (EST) IHS CERA Macroeconomic and Global Energy Overview Conference Call - Sept 28/09 11 AM (EST) Get a quick overview of Consumers Energy operations with these new videos: Forex News - NY: Afternoon Forex Overview: The U.S. dollar is moderately higher against most curren.. Issues Technical Trading Overview for Strategic ...: The investment on Strategic Hotel.. Krazit has good overview of Google grappling with the antitrust era Great overview of the Vancouver Timeraiser Great overview of this feature from - Facebook Tagging For Business Overview of current Chinese censorship: IAB releases "Long Form Video Overview": Hearing lots of buzz lately about long form vids. The Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs book overview & review! Fantastic! Great overview of this feature from - Facebook Tagging For Business Overview of a manufacturing process for graphite provides interesting insights Overview of current Chinese censorship: (via New Blog Post: Technical Overview: Mapstraction: Mapstraction is a JavaScript toolkit that provid.. JUS DID I DIDNT EVEN USE A PROPOSAL BUT ALL YU GOTTA DO IS GIV A OVERVIEW OF EVENT & LET THEM KNOW WHAT YU WANNA GET FROM THM Andrea, from lafayette school is giving visitors an overview of theschool German Chancellor Fellowship: Overview of the Fellowship The Alexander von Humboldt Foundation annually awards .. Overview of Overview of Technical Overview: Mapstraction Life Science Leader on E-Pedigree Track And Trace: What Are The Next Steps? Provides a good overview How to secure data and satisfy regulatory requirements. Good overview at: Good overview. "Tips for Sizing a Credible Funding Request" How much money should you ask for? UBCM President Hobson on Global Morning in 20 minutes giving an overview of municipal issues in BC on Day One of the UBCM Convention IAB Regulates Digital Video Releases "Long Form Video Overview":
Randy Berridge of FL High Tech Corridor Council takes the podium. FHTCC is a regional aerospace workforce 5,4,3,2,1..FIRE!!...SPACENOODLES OUTER SPACE GREETING CARD FOR RETIRED AEROSPACE Singapore Airlines 'superjumbo' turns back due to engine problem: News - Category: Aerospace Aviation. .. Dayton is a good place to travel to for aerospace reasons, pizza or no. WHAT'S WRONG WITH HEELS ON IN THE FIELD? I'm learning abt aerospace, its not like I'm n a shuttle yet. Professor betta get da eff on, 4real! : Any links into the Defence and Aerospace, Automotive, Rail, Healthcare or Local Government would be appreciated... Iran Nuclear: Tehran Satellite Imagery of Hemmat Aerospace Industries Area Thanks! Beautiful covers! "Aerospace Knowledge" Cn Aviation Mag from 1978: Cover Shots Beautiful covers! 3 Issues of "Aerospace Knowledge" Chinese Aviation Magazine from 1978: This should be a nice week. Two weeks ago was AFA. Last week was the Italian aerospace press tour. Next week is Nice 2 have break! Senior Stress Analyst - 092005 - Redondo Beach, CA Get Aerospace Engineer Jobs Big aerospace meeting this afternoon. Now, to figure out priorities for the morning. Aerospace club looks to blast into the future: Abraham Rademacher, president of the SJSU chapter of the America.. Aerospace club looks to blast into the future 8ak - Indian Defence News: Lockheed set to loose key aerospace ...: 28 Sep 2009 8ak: India needs technological .. Aerospace club looks to blast into the future - News: Abraham Rademacher, president of the SJSU chapter of the .. raiden 4 gameplay ten: Hill Aerospace Museum 2 Hill Aerospace Museum is located on approximately 30 acres .. StockSource.us MNDP an Aerospace Technology Winner: September 28, 2009 ) Delmar, CA The.. Blogged What Are The Tracks For Aerospace Engineering?: - Dr. Zubrin | Duajuta Think Outside The Box: Zubrin (born 19 April 1952) is an American aerospace .. StockSource.us MNDP an Aerospace Technology Winner: MNDP's technology has a wide scope of applicati.. Help And Advice With Getting Into Aerospace Engineering ...: I have just completed my junior year of high schoo.. Dr. Zubrin | Duajuta Think Outside The Box: Zubrin (born 19 April 1952) is an American aerospace .. Critics fear brain drain in aerospace: A Pentagon official charged with overseeing acquisitions raised a few ey.. Critics fear brain drain in aerospace: A Pentagon official charged with overseeing acquisitions raised a few ey.. Critics fear brain drain in aerospace: A Pentagon official charged with overseeing acquisitions raised a few ey.. Aerospace Engineer Technician Nurse Computer Networking Pharmacy Health care Doctor Bachelor Degree Associate Master Doctorate Critics fear brain drain in aerospace: With Gates' to end production of the F-22 now all but accompl.. Critics fear brain drain in aerospace: With Gates' to end production of the F-22 now all but accompl.. Help And Advice With Getting Into Aerospace Engineering ... What are the job prospects for a female aerospace engineer ... Suppliers of: Aerospace fasteners and fixings. Defence fasteners nuts and bolts, pop rivets, socket cap .... Professor in Aerospace Composites: research and provide research leadership in line with the School's.. Contract Stress Engineer - Isle of Wight: One of our large Aerospace clients are currently looking for a number.. Blogged Help And Advice With Getting Into Aerospace Engineering?: - Recruiter hopes aerospace deals will help projects division fly: ... of labour and outsourced project work to A.. Done the lab write up, whoooo isn't aerospace engineering FUN!!! RAM Engineer - TechUSA - Huntsville, AL: Aerospace and Defense Reliability, Availability & Maintainability .. Recruiter hopes aerospace deals will help projects division fly: ... of labour and outsourced project work to A.. Aerospace Engineer - Flight Design - QinetiQ - Cleveland, OH: The Flig..
A: Government concerns the institutionalized exercise of political power. Can G20 be institutionalized?: During the three G20 summits, the significance of transformation is more profoun.. whoever wrote this fanfic is dark and twisted..jasper nails dead birds to peoples door and ended up institutionalized? whoa. Institutionalized-senses fail<3 Can G20 be institutionalized? and need 2 b institutionalized quick fast n in a mufuckin hurry New video: Institutionalized luna said that and I should be institutionalized... Don't listen to I just institutionalized her ;) Being Institutionalized is a state of mind not a life condition... & its NOT "institutionalized profession"!!!! wow my dad and his mom should be institutionalized together. Well he's had one full hour of being institutionalized so I'm sure he's good to go. what type of home? group? rest? institutionalized? *rolls eyes* Watching lil kids paint. Some are AMAZING. Some should immediately be institutionalized... ...the ex got the kids, and I was institutionalized for attempted murder. it was a long dream, because I didn't die young. nfb Kyl: 'I Don't Need Maternity Care.' Stabenow: 'Your Mom Probably Did' Kyl should be institutionalized -- what an idiot Nearly institutionalized today ... no bullshit! Toughest day ever ... think I'm gonna go to bed early! Man&institutionalized racism is expensive funny post by Good thing I don't work for "Institutionalized Venture Is feeling institutionalized !!!! This 2 hour video discusses the institutionalized practice of money creation: Totalitarianism is patriotism institutionalized. ~ Steve Allen This 2 hour video discusses the institutionalized practice of money creation: funny post by Good thing I don't work for "Institutionalized Venture I want no of your world. It just interesting to see how Institutionalized you are. They seem to live for various forms of combat (both institutionalized and random), and are built for maximum performance during same. Can I just skip ahead a few steps and be isolated/institutionalized now? ironic how david duchovny ws institutionalized for being a real life nympho! about the fact that child abuse is institutionalized. ... 'It's complicated, and not just becaue she's married and you're institutionalized.' Oh House how I love this show :P Sex-Crime Panic reading 2nite; Tru Story 1950s gays unjustly institutionalized after infant rape in Iowa, panic leads 2 ruined lives If Lucy Van Pelt were institutionalized today, she would find a way to do vlogs there. Or at least in her mind out of boredom she would... oh dear. I should be institutionalized. I eat 2 meals a day at the computer :D The coolest band in the world..........Suicidal Tendencies-Institutionalized Suicidal Tendencies--Institutionalized : theologians should be institutionalized? ... that's what i heard ;) //glad you were listening! : theologians should be institutionalized? ... that's what i heard ;) Do we really allow ourselves to be institutionalized so readily in the belief that being of the employee herd is good? why am i being institutionalized? As for me (Becky herself)..I am disgusted by white standards of beauty...it's just another of institutionalized Sick America: Man Arrested For Arranging Sex Tryst With Baby - He needs 2 b institutionalized 4 life! The more I show my schedule to people, the more people are wondering how I'm still not institutionalized. "Institutionalized I lived my life a product made to crumble...but too hardened for a smile, we're too crazy to be humble..." Just had an incredible conversation with Von Schufflen about institutionalized racism, the lower class, accessibility to resources, etc. .@chrisguitarguy "Cleaning time" is horribly regulated and institutionalized in our household. Check this video out -- Mother of Institutionalized Child Threatened w/ Being "Finished Off" 1/2
How long are you in Shawinigan for? I just mailed a change of marital status form there haha could have sent it with you! how cool! where was the retreat? im trained in pre-marital counseling.always curious on how couples like/dislike it Ya think?! Girl the stories I could tell u. All I gotta say is I didnt have the guts to dump my user&had 5yrs of marital HELL Are we defining "single" by marital status? Cause if so...then I'm single!!!!! LOL! The world's 1st Chilean Marital flick? Trailer looks rad. "Whether it is valued or not, love is rarely seen as the main ingredient for marital success"..am i the only one EXTREMELY bothered by this? yo, is that you? If so, would you like to have pre-marital relations with me? - Marital Bliss Bar: 50% his, 50% hers. Why is the 'Hers' so big?! Haha So a pre-marital relationship will prevent divorce? Who's havin a with me 2day? 1Corinth 1:9 reminds me how Christ is 1st place in any relationship & its vital 4my marital success! My husband just texted me. We are in the same house! Who says we only conduct marital communications on Twitter? Then home for marital intimacies accompanied by muscle spasms. Not so fun. TMI anybody? Is it cool to say after 12 years of marital happiness with Mr B that I would still jump out of bed with the jitters & rush up the alter? Mixed Marital Status? Minced Meat Soup? Mad Money Sucka's? I haz MMS Marital advice and considering separating.? | Life Empowerment and ...: Try Christian Counseling instead of Wor.. keep your marital problems off twitter.. why won't let twitter be great? Victorian churches can discriminate on sexual orientation and marital status. WTF? Religion poisons everything indeed. in case you were curious, the words "honey, how can i help you finish that swing set?" do not inspire marital bliss. Tongue-In-Cheek: Marital Problems? What's worse: Pre-marital sex OR getting de-flowered by Micah Johnson in front of 80,000?? WOW, what is the secret to your marital success of 17 years? I've been married 4 & it feels like 4-ever! "I am single because" is a trending topic? Nothing like using Twitter as a self-assessment of marital status. Tongue-In-Cheek: Marital Problems? lmao would anyone ask me for marital advice? Geez... Why would anyone ask me for marital advice? Geez... MARITAL Law? That truly is cruel and unusual punishment. LOL Would you like to more effectively manage anger in your marital conflicts? Proven answers Tongue-In-Cheek: Marital Problems? - For free? Better check your marital status buddy! I'm just curious...when you practice marital do you use marital aides? hehe AHUHUHU MA'AM: Do you think pre-marital sex is okay? PAO: No, kasi super conservative ng family namin. My God naman! LMAO "81 percent have had premarital sex by age 44" ??!! At that age, it's not pre-marital sex, it's a charity f**k. "81 percent have had premarital sex by age 44" ??!! At that age, it's not pre-marital sex, it's a charity f**k. Is this the end of marital sex?: NY Daily News: Arkansas woman gets pregnant while she's pregnant. MA'AM LIA: Do you think pre-marital sex is okay? PAO: No, kasi super conservative ng family namin. My God naman! :)) :)) :)) DYK? The most recorded orgasms in an hr by researchers at the Center for Marital & Sexual Studies was 134 by one female & 16 for a male. what does my marital status have to do w/ anything? Does the Bible talk about pre- or extra-marital sex,when neither is married? "Vibram Fivefingers" is the name of a marital aide, right? Okay facebook just asked me to confirm that I am married to Did not know I needed to inform them of my marital status!?! why is showing Katorse on primetime? it doesn't promote anything but sex. New blog post: Marital Infidelity- Saving Your Marriage after Infidelity What you guys think about extra marital affairs?? I dont think it is a wise thing to damage your marriage life won't you be in marital bliss on Monday morning?!?! So just when talking about your knees, not after asking your age/marital status? Was it like a joke? And how's the knee? eww.LinkedIn lets you add your marital status? I can't think of one reason that would be relevant on a professional networking site.
[ST] Loanshark helper jailed: AN UNEMPLOYED man who helped two unlicensed moneylenders operate their busine.. [News] Loanshark helper jailed: AN UNEMPLOYED man who helped two unlicensed moneylenders operate their bu.. Loanshark helper jailed: AN UNEMPLOYED man who helped two unlicensed moneylenders operat.. Lost dominion bad. around too long trying to get moneylenders to go. from real world experience MFI fees are much cheaper than the alternatives of loan sharks and moneylenders. from real world experience MF fees are much cheaper than the alternatives of loan sharks and moneylenders. The poor are ruled by the rich, and those who borrow are slaves of moneylenders...Proverbs 22:7 (CEV)
Lovely! Consider me a future paid customer! With all the rights and privileges thereunto
-- argh! that's even more obscene - apples - for bidden fruit na Joe Bidden put a note that he reads before he speaks. "You are the VP and You are a Beat Away from the Pres, now say something Clever! Acquire a government over your ideas, that they may come down when they are called, and when they are bidden. - Isaac Watts ... Listening to Muse's "Hysteria," of I am bidden to listen to the lyrics. Sadly they sound like "yeeeeyyeeyeeee." Butcool! I've no idea how Joe Bidden is! Google... You're my poisoned passion.. you love are my lust .. my bidden.. valentine.. can't tweet ..4 bidden until I. Get home sorry the stimules is working better than thought so we don't need Bidden should be the watchdog. K go take batting suit... How many mistakes will ths BO Admin make. ie: school speech, Acorn, closing gitmo, flag@whitehouse, NEA, Bidden gaffes, Van Jones? add yours How many mistakes will ths BO Admin make. ie: school speech, Acorn, closing gitmo, flag@whitehouse, NEA, Bidden gaffes, Van Jones... y ... Btw how did it go with Joe Bidden? ;-) Remembering fondly those halcyon days when hot water came out of my faucets when bidden. Cold water day 3, round 2. Our Vice President, Joe Bidden is at the game tonight! If only I'd known... I would've bidden at least $250K! hey Lance Bidden?? This guy is an ass Nice crowd you belong too loser! bidden or not, Monday she comes...
The crazy mob has been unloosed by the RWNJ leaders in this country we are in big trouble!
Disregard that last tweet, I'm not sure if that is a valid postulate :(
people are probably scared there bible belt is slipping lol That all I know how to do, Add Necessary pic for me pls (belt) I have a terrible time keeping a belt from getting fucked up. Leather hates me i guess. I always feel better when I use the last notch on my belt boi we did that friday i need to hold the belt!!!!lol is he in blue? Skinny? Has he gone or eaten recently? Might be a blockage, might just be him doing his best belt impression. ummm...like put s college logo on em and a belt...BAM! *in my emeril voice* where is my belt...lmao haha posting lyrics as blog posts is the new white belt....or was that killing people. I forget. Kroo Leather Black Case with Rotary Belt Clip for iPhone 3G/ iPhone 3G S $4.94 w/FREE Shipping my dream last night: i was at lunch in NYC with and i ordered soup and there was a BELT in it. Wow, Surrogates got a put on it by critics, yet another notch in the belt of the argument against adaptations. Which also means i lost weight because a belt wasn't really neccessary before :) Audio Technica AT-PL50 Belt Drive Turntable $72.15 Free Shipping Ren Fest is tiring. I came out of it with a tankard, leather belt loop for it, and bracers. Sweeeet. I was in such a rush this morning that I forgot to wear a belt. Now I gotta keep pulling my pants up :-/ Well at least I don't have a belt called FAT like you gurrrllll Nah skrg reputasi lo hancur sudah huahahahaha FUN ROMANTIC COMEDY SET IN BIBLE BELT EVANGELICAL SOUTH CIRCA 1950AD..THIS WILL BRIGHTEN YOUR 12 i have a black belt in jenga. those blocks dont know what hit them when im playing the game theyre too amazed to fall over.. Review of the Deck Belt For 42" MTD Lawn Tractors Deck Pulley to Engine Pulle I belt out random lyrics in duane reade. This is NYC, craziness is common I am very uncool, but I still can't bring myself to clip keys on to a belt loop. I just can't do it. I just bought Belt on Stardoll. Check out my Suite! Monday: phone at home/holster on belt, hum of a computer, smell of coffee, lost to network, sipping coffee...the world is a better place Hey thanks for the belt advice y'all. You failed to mention Judo black belt... And so the trek begins! Though apparently my car thinks i have a passenger. Its beeping at me to put a seat belt round the suitcase in front The "Utility Belt" Podcast about to release. Here's the premier if u missed it. bytes of strategy for biz. If I hear 1 more woman singing that they need a daddy I'm going to take off my belt and do the right thing! Thanks Twista for nothing...! Several less-than-stellar weeks under my belt lately. Think I'm due for some good news soon. Hopefully. YAAAY! My Belly Belt is here. I am now ready for that bump to appear! (pic) Wtf i got a bullet belt and my mom won't let me wear it! ha sike Photo: Empire dress with red belt by Carolinasoma on Etsy has a belt clip if you want, i rarely use it tho. I havent had any problems with it in jeans or dickies pants to get it in or out. as much as I like you ill pick you up lock my arms for a seat belt and highjack a plane to the city of your choice! Dam diddy! Bad uniform choice on my today...one of my funky orange/blue just doesn't work with khaki pants. The belt tried. I'm inching ever closer to my intention of the situational sound clip belt. Press a button and you get sound clips like you hear in I would think that notch in belt lifestyle would get old after a couple hops.. bruh, I'm on this damn Ken n Barbie airplane again, no leg room, seat belt isn't working on here, need the jet in Dallas 2 morow Got a new yellow Gio-Gio belt To go with my pink jumper. Woop! yes now another social media experience to put under my belt. conned my mother into buying new shoes and a belt MWAHAHA! FRAZER WAS SERVING ME -_- fat moo(: Pics taken from below the belt, aimed upward really make ones face look thin and mean. Weird illusion isn't it!!! last time I forgot my belt somebody called me a hutterite... Here's hoping it doesn't happen to you! Slip-in Drapery hooks 3" long with 1/8" heading three packages (N Flushing): I also have an old belt sander and.. CFO Finds Signs of Life in the Rust Belt Just enjoyed a bagel BELT sans bacon from Timmys. Off to for another week of work. Bitch thats ur biggest fear also!!! not the man wit the pants pulled all da way up belt tucked in wit some bball shoes.. Vintage ethnic woven cotton and tooled leather belt I put the black skull belt on instead, & I'm wearing my glasses :P does this outfit sound lame?
Who wants to take my chem test for me wed cuz all this sounds foreign to me :( shell never kno jus come n say I'm Alexis McCoy :) I decided to go with Buckhalter and McCoy cuz Barber has a hamstring. :-( I got ok points by the way, i lost the screaming contest against the McCoy's :( Got home too late from church to get Westbrook out of my lineup and LeSean McCoy in. :( "You won't find anything, there's no recourse." d-damn.. jack mccoy :( still can't get over Sylvester McCoy in a motorized chair and walking braces...and when asked why, only says because he's ancient... :( actaully its ghettoer than that Kamikka Mareesha McCoy... blame my mom and FML :( Ate McCoy's salt and vinegar crinkle cut potato chips until need to go toilet :P it used to be called The Real McCoy haha :P
"the moon mountains of Montana" (Marguerite Young-"Miss MacIntosh, My Darling" (Scribners 1965) - - "the moon mountains of Montana" (Marguerite Young-"Miss MacIntosh, My Darling" (Scribners 1965) -
Lime Stucco training seminar: We finished applying the texture to the stucco using premix 1000 and imasco color 283. It turned out great. I even got my outside wiring dn Toronto- STUCCO, F/P/T Repairs <a target="_blank">Walleffects</a> installed Stucco Italianos prestigious Flooring Marmorino in a re ... <a target="_blank">Walleffects</a> installed Stucco Italianos prestigious Flooring Marmorino in a renovatio ... - Banding effect using Stucco Italiano's Marmorino Classic and Intonachino. If you don't have metal stucco lathe, use carbon fibre stucco lathe! What did we do before we using stucco? Adventures in stucco! Also repairing car mirror: threads in plastic stripped out, so drilled out bigger hole and glued in nut. Fixit! I hope HAHA "My stomach looks like Spanish stucco." Horrible visual "My stomach looks like Spanish stucco." Horrible visual <--- So TRUE!!! "My stomach looks like spanish stucco."-Lynette. Yesssss. No children for me, well not until I get health insurance. "My stomach looks like Spanish stucco." Horrible visual "My stomach looks like Spanish stucco"...lmao @ Lanette my stomach looks like spanish stucco! House for sale in Canyon Lake, TX, Waterfront Stucco Home. $584,668 - 4BR/3.5BA 2983sf 9/27 There's something both relaxing & deeply down-to-the-brainstem sad about the empty disrepaired sidewalks and shabby stucco apts. 5 yrs at an Infinity home-replace plywood under the stucco 'cause the flashing sucks. Whole 'hood repairing-$5Kper painting stucco again you'll pass Cross Plains in about 6 mins.. Then Black Mazomanie next! Tan stucco and stone house on left :) ... saw a stucco'd house in AZ with crushed glass mixed into the stucco... boy did it sparkle in the sun! - Interesting! wondering if stucco has any aleve as i walk by The garage doors are being installed today while the stucco is being finished on the lower walls. A Main Line animal shelter is 100 years old|In a separate stucco building there are air-conditioned dog kennels .. House for sale in Canyon Lake, TX, Waterfront Stucco Home. $584,668 - 4BR/3.5BA 2983sf 9/26 ....saw house in AZ with crushed glass mixed into the stucco....boy did it sparkle in the sun (Edward Cullen color!) New class date in December for Stucco Italiano just posted - At the skyline hotel. A building that spirals outward like an octopus. Made of stucco... ....saw a stucco'd house in AZ with crushed glass mixed into the stucco....boy did it sparkle in the sun! is admiring the bitchin stucco work my dude did on the exterior of house today! :o) Spent the morning canning...now going to look at the stucco on our house...only 4 more weeks til we move in!! HAHAHAH...Yes, he sounds like a grizzly bear, right...or a sledge hammer on stucco... SAVE $9.15 - Bird Brain Stucco Bird House, Green $15.84 The hole Honey dug is now larger. It's up against the stucco, cool, deep and Big enough to bury her in....It will get better Headed over to Lakewood stucco job to do the "walk through/check out"-Just have to do Sof/Fas/Gutter, to finish the job. Looks Great! Gold stucco on the walls... crowd awaits Avenue Q. New Post: Lime Stucco training seminar: [ October 1, 2009 to October 4, 2009. ] Santa Fe, NM Instructo.. Stucco repairs, patches or new SoCal Handyman Services Making A Real Stucco Ceiling at least! stucco walls! thick paint! cat is obsessed with killing a gecko on the porch roof and attempted to climb the stucco wall -- cat's outside privileges have been revoked. A house that can't decide what it wants to be! Green or brown? Stucco or siding? Brick or cement? uhm.. i kinda am?! lol, those romans had a nice stucco job, wish they'd do my house xD House for sale in Canyon Lake, TX, Waterfront Stucco Home. $584,668 - 4BR/3.5BA 2983sf 9/25 Looking at a stucco job we are monday. Man Lakewood is stilled messed up! O'Dwyer Plastering was just added by - - repair Your room has lotsa big and bumpy stucco = sound gets swallowed up. Power Washing Algae Moss Spider Cobweb Grease Tire Stucco Wood Siding: Power or pressure washing is one of..
Missing: Large lake in southern Chile: In March we patrolled the area and everything was normal ... we went aga.. Police carrying machine guns patrolled Berlin's Tegel the day before the election.... I walked around, made sure no one patrolled the museum with weapons and generally made myself visible Wikipedia talk:New pages patrol/patrolled pages: Restrict creation of new accounts: the first link didn't g.. Now showing: Untold Stories From America's National Parks. (Black soldiers who patrolled Yosemite National Park.) Patrolled the living room. Had breakfast. Patrolled the upstairs hallway. Inspected the laundry. Got a tiny nibble of cake as a treat! neighborhood patrolled, now it is time to crash. Got home @ 2am yesterday...or was it today? Damn! L.A @ 2 is very patrolled by police... Now im very sleepy... and i cant hop back into bed. The only effective sanction which could solve Iran Nuke issue is the blockade of Persian Golf for oil tankers patrolled by UN Thee Parkside is patrolled by two old punk groupies. So sick. Love this place. With a name like "pussypatrol" you know some pussy is going to get patrolled tonight! Maybe. I was on the website b4 I left wrk. what's up at perimeter mall? po-po patrolled set up a mini-roadblock :: so what's up at perimeter mall? po-po patrolled they set up a mini-roadblock in the parking lot. security tight, armed police everywhere, road barracaded, sky patrolled, vehicles sniffed by trained dogs... FYI: they are not lying when they say aircraft patrolled! G20 summit begins amid massive police presence, protests: Hundreds of police and military officers patrolled th.. The only effective sanction which could solve Iran Nuke issue is the blockade of Persian Golf for oil tankers patrolled by UN I'm great! Had breakfast & patrolled the yard already. How are you? Effective sanction by UN would solve Nuke issue of Iran.Blockade of Persian Golf patrolled by UN lead marine is an effective tools I'll bet there's no one there. Or else it's being patrolled by e-voting machines. u havent heard of us so it is. we only 2 sq. miles patrolled by dodge chargers Good I don't think you've patrolled in forever. Goodnight baby. ::closes my eyes snuggling next to you:: In my district the Police have COPE "Citizens On Patrolled Enforcement". Its good. We should have POKE "Parents On Knowledge in Education" After 9/11 when Nat'l Gaurd patrolled 4 security, I saw TSA make a Soldier run his M16 thru the xray. WTF? Los Angeles County sees drop in violent crime: Violent crime in Los Angeles County areas patrolled by sheriff's .. Crime decreases in most areas patrolled by L.A. Sheriff's Crime decreases in most areas patrolled by L.A. Sheriff's Crime decreases in most areas patrolled by L.A. Sheriff's D.. Crime decreases in most areas patrolled by L.A. Sheriff's Los Angeles: Crime decreases in most areas patrolled by L.A. Sheriff's Patrolled with today. It's nice to have somebody besides my brother that understands me. ey tell me ke twe dice el doctor....well nothng much they just came n patrolled the area I think the Protorp is better patrolled at this point.
"Sleep the sleep of the just," she says. YOU GIVE THAT SLEEP BACK, VARMINT! You can take yourself off, you horny old varmint. Tale Of The Turkey Hollow Varmint... Varmint? Well we did have the mice get into the After Eights one time.... Anyone want a flea ridden varmint of a cat? Fact: varmint contains absolutely no mint whatsoever. I just won a race against varmint chaser in Nitto 1320 Legends! Ya better get the Lone Ranger & Tonto after them varmint Rustlers!#pawpawty B careful. probly not rabid since its nite. If I C Bruce, I'll send him when I'm done w/ him. dont let the varmint get my birds! I just won a race against varmint chaser in Nitto 1320 Legends! Kitchen door is ajar, in hopes the varmint finds his own way out. In the sitting room, keeping an eye on this. Oh, if I just wasn't a lady. What wouldn't I tell that varmint? What varmint catepillar is this chomping on my plants? oh wow Varmint hunting videos on youtube are gruesome/strangely funny at times. Beware animal lovers! is running on fumes. A sad critter/varmint outside was wailing all night - possum wars or something. Horrible sound = no sleep. Blerg. don't forget varmint feces. ;-) I smell varmint poontang. And the only good varmint poontang is dead varmint poontang, I think. Yeah, that's right! I said "ding dang it" yah fleabitten varmint. .@wjb13! Did the varmint under your hood look like THIS? Finally something for replace popcorn chicken It's midnight. if somebody doesn't shut up their damn yappy dog, I may go varmint hunting. film school : Lovable Varmint Productions... - - via its a varmint, a scoundrel, a devious rodent, a small nuisance Tonight: Southern Rock/Country/Blues with local up & comers Varmint & the Tao of Wilie; 2 bands 7 bux cheap! Some varmint broke off flowers and a limb off of two of my begonias. Don't they know they can be hung by the thumbs for this? They're like the Viet Cong,Varmint Cong. So you have to fall back on superior intelligence and superior firepower. And that's all she wrote To kill, you must know your enemy, and in this case my enemy is a varmint. And a varmint will never quit - ever. *BANG BANG* Head on over to the Campaign Corral and check out the Wild West campaign, ya varmint! " smell varmint poon tang, and the only good varmint poon tang is dead varmint poon tang." Bill Murray - Caddyshack 50 cal : the Varmint rifle for people! - Ira Saw a couple Fed .223 200 rnd bulk packs, $79, but didn't grab them. Wish I had now, good varmint load I guess. and if anyone can, you can Lori!! It's full on varmint cong! I just won a race against varmint chaser in Nitto 1320 Legends! 120 roads closed in Cobb county, downtown connector flooded the woods behind my house flooded, varmint no doubt seeking shelter in my house
When I was in college, I had to get my school to add brl signs to the psych building so I could find my prof's offices on my own. Why am I watching Smallville when I really should be reading Unit 4 for Psych? The cutie in psych plays the guitar and looks extra cute today. Suhweeet. apa yg series na? Rescue Dawm? bukan.. Psych? iya.. Brothers n Sisters? iya.. hehe Series nad? ... so hear I am. B.S. in Psych here I come :) @ school about 2 go 2 Psych 3. U cannot wait 2 see Casey! ok so i have to study for my anthro exam & my psych exam, fix my west civ proposal, write my humanities paper annnnnnnd.....im tired already Dam girls in my psych class annoy the shit out of me just watched Psych New Episodes !online `here H1N1 just watched Psych New Episodes !online `here H1N1 How cool watching Psych New Episodes !online `here iPhone Totally forgot my psych class was cancelled today- went and sat in there for ten minutes before it hit me why noone was there. Yaaay! :D watching Psych New Episodes !online `here Philippines Finally watching Psych New Episodes !online `here Typhoon Ondoy PSYCH-K is a set of simple, self empowering techniques to change ur beliefs perceptions that impact ur life at a cellular level - B Lipton just watched Psych New Episodes !online `here H1N1 Was on call at the psych hosp this sun &was we had used so much Haldol (antipsychotic) that we'd totally run out. Not a good sign. okay:) waching Psych New Episodes !online `here BDO ahh u can watch Psych New Episodes !online `here Goodmorning So happy I got a C on my psych exam. YUP! so true... u'd be AMAZED how much you CAN do if you take the energy wasted psyching ur self OUT to psych urself UP! White Collar is on at 10pm while Psych is on it's mid season break. watching Psych New Episodes !online `here Yom Kippur you stole my psych answers!! n she wasnt supposed to know til 330!!! lmao I am watching Psych New Episodes online ``here YUP! so true... u'd be AMAZED how much you CAN do if you take the energy wasted psyched ur self OUT to psych urself UP! just ate with Tabitha, going to Psych in a bit Lets watch Psych New Episodes !online `here My psych professor opened up the lecture playing a song from Sting. Nice. yup u can watch Psych New Episodes !online `here Copenhagen Just failed my 2nd psych test.. Man people get really personal in psych class think it jus flunked my psych test...yay me! 's Cute Couples Holding Hands cout is officially at five. I wish I had my women psych book. I need to wash sap off my car. Skipping Psych today... I'm such a good student. man, I just realized I have a psych exam tomorrow. whoops? Just heard some crazy stuff about some psych experements...some people are crazy Moral dillema and a psych test fml Studying! Psych test in an hour :( Bombed my Psych quizzes. Sitting outside of class. Bored. psych is by far the funniest thing on television. a psych? seriously? =)) baka vet =)) In the lab at school in class working on my psych project. yeah, totally didn't mean to skip psych but slept through it. i need to stop taking naps.. or going to sleep earlier.. skipped photojournalism, bio was a waste of time, going to sleep in social psych now. then writing a radio script for ugh... 8 Tower the Psych Ward. damn you Developmental Psych! I don't care about any of this shit! Boyz II Men remixes Psych Theme - EPIC PSYCH TEST TONiGHT!!! UGH... ... Psych at 2.30. lots of stuff to do tonight, not a very warm welcome back.
I favorited a YouTube video -- JAW - Lebender Toter You missed it! News got all over him for a prank with a rubber frog! Just like gun toter racist that was black! Check out our website for - Mobile Home Toter. Day Cab Mobile Home Toter or Fifth Wheel. bid $500.00. Buy it now $3,000.00 I commented on a YouTube video -- "MacBookPro1" - Caaarl da liegt ein toter Mensch .... I commented on a YouTube video -- "MacBookPro1" - Caaarl da liegt ein toter Mensch .... A washed up pro wrestler, a buxom blonde gun-toter, Dr. Satan, a foulmouthed stripper bride, and a blueballed robot. El Superbeasto be great Another great week at EVOMS. 4 - 1000 horsepower Porsche's for Texas Mile - DONE! apollo - Done! Toter Home toilet... Done! can you fit the toter home and trailer in the shop. You need to wrap the walls Happy to the toughest roughest legit gun-toter in the D!! I hope you had the best day and an even better night MUAH XO! Toter in Wext: Straight Outta Israel, crazy Torah toter named Talmud / From a gang called Rabbis With Attitude... Tater toter Actually, Mr. President, they come in all sizes Rick, where is the conservative opposition to this gun toter. More threatened by Democratic reform than public gun toting???
7522 Concept Of Triangulation: - Teaches how to use a compass and a map to find your current locati... Gr8t SM triangulation strategy Say goodbye to logo - it's logo coats! Read til the end Was ist denn Triangulation idS? I use the GPS and cell triangulation. GPS is much more accurate than the aGPS. Triangulation at its finest...@italiano40 i am ready for the enter and we get and we can do a real guido triforce Thank you for the triangulation - network trouble shooting via Twitter :) ROFLMAO!! Silly bots - triangulation coming up next... alternate opposite genres... musical maham. Good luck with that! Question on the Blackberry app. Is it OS 4.5 compatible? There are still a lot of us out there. And tower triangulation? But there are methods to validate data in naturalistic inquiry; data, investigator, and theory triangulation being 1 The iPod Touch is only able to determine direction by wi-fi triangulation. Thanks for the retweet - does your organization have a problem with triangulation and gossip? Have an awesome day! On a scale from hate to love, I'm at best neutral, if not an eensy bit negative toward Bill Clinton. Mr. Triangulation. :P Glad on my BB, I have it set up using Cell triangulation (less accurate) rather than Autonomous GPS (most accurate). Beyonce has the best triangulation of all time. My cell triangulation result puts me in the same spot as you, even though we are about a half mile i use GLatitude for visual stuff (using cell tower triangulation), but for accuracy, i run GPSed for BB (true GPS). Cell Triangulation: vs GPS: ... since 3G came to I can't use cell tower triangulation in google maps while I enjoy high speed on my G1. Is this normal? since 3G came to I can't use cell tower triangulation in google maps while I enjoy high speedo n my G1. Is this normal? computational geometry, the Delaunay triangulation: New blog entry: We have a powerful triangulation and dominates my text inbox -__- bizarre love triangulation! I don't have GPS on mine, just approximation based on cell tower triangulation. I wonder if T-Mobile data faster than VZW. GloPos Re-invents Cell Tower Triangulation with 'Self Learning Algorithms' (via "managing the triangulation storm of a green cloud" << title of slide. it has lightning bolts... anybody tried out SEM Triangulation Method with good results? Nice idea, but I think it's good oldfashioned triangulation! Build an environment of trust by avoiding triangulation. Got a problem? Go to source. Team members want to gossip? Send them to source. GloPos Re-invents Cell Tower Triangulation with Self Learning Algorithms: Mr. McGuire: I want to say 1 word GloPos Re-invents Cell Tower Triangulation with 'Self Learning Algorithms': Mr. McGuire: I want to say one word .. but can see possibilities of wifi triangulation of shelf locations The app could have shelf locations coded in and know where it is from wifi triangulation - next is book location (RFID) Jonathan Puckey's vectorized based on Delaunay Triangulation Illusion: Computational Geometry The cover of Oct. Game Developer mag features a WIZARD and Wizard 101: Death by Triangulation" Haha ALSO I DID NOT SUBSCRIBE. Then they have succeeded by driving the most amount of people mad with the time wasting triangulation :-) Look, I don't mean to stalk you, but my brain remembers little details, like where you said you ate, pix of your house, etc. Triangulation! my guess is he would expect a clinton era type triangulation strategy (govt by polling)... not sure if he is on that though Will cell tower triangulation reduce fleet GPS Costs? New triangulation service for mobile claims to be more accurate than GPS ..me thinks not the flaw is her miscalculation of the growing vocal majority that is recognizing "triangulation, and her situational ethics. Delny 0.4.0: Delaunay triangulation Delny 0.4.0: Delaunay triangulation
Making Room for a Stateless Nation A Palestinian Pavilion for the 1st time in 60 yrs at Venice Biennale Cisco ASA (/FWSM) working in stateless connection!?: by novice (Posted Mon Sep 28, 2009 11:46 am)Until 8.2(1)'s.. Using faronics deep freeze for PCs that clients of a rehab facility will be using, great product. Repurposed stateless PCs! (via Right now it seems to take my machine 5 minutes to acquire it's address via stateless autoconf., I must have set something up wrong. Alright, why is it taking so long for IPv6 stateless autoconfig to happen on my machine? I could swear it used to happen faster than this. Cisco ASA (/FWSM) working in stateless connection!?: by aamiri (Posted Mon Sep 28, 2009 6:17 am)Hi there,I don'.. Making room for a "Stateless Nation" Can't wait for the day we live in a stateless world: Why should geography dictate who you are? To my conservative friends, "stateless" != "one world state". Think open source applied to politics and read up on James Burke. I can't wait for the day we all live in a stateless world: Why should geography dictate anything about who you are? I can't wait for the day we all live in a stateless world: Why should geography dictate anything about who you are? I am one of the 35 people who donated to the Center for a Stateless Society! you have an iPhone; give 1 2 and 3 a listen next time you are strolling about. glimpse of a stateless society MAKING ROOM FOR A "STATELESS NATION": For the first time in 60 years, the Palestinians have a presence at the V.. Stateless folk get help : MIRI: The National Registration (NRD) is expected to deploy mobile units i.. Stateless folk get help - Malaysia Star: Stateless folk get helpMalaysia StarMIRI: The National Registration De.. listening to Stateless-crash....i clean to the beat. The stateless nature of al Qaeda makes it a moving target, almost targetless in the conventional sense. True, the FATA is technically in Pakistan. In reality, it's stateless. [R]Evolution is not a spectator Center for a Stateless Society's great work at Static methods had better be stateless. But I'm not as anti-static as Hevery. I don't see a problem with string utils, etc. how do you feel about class methods in general? Difficult to test unless they're stateless I imagine... No reason not 2 embrace the talented stateless into our soc. Legal complication must b dealt w as it only serves 2 enrich corrupt officials a communism, by even a marxist definition, is a stateless, classless society that's basically close to anarchy. hahah! There are 2k Indian Tamils stateless still in India who fled SL 20 yrs bck! SLT refugees will be sent bck in 2 yrs time via - "Stateless" child - shameful outcome of ill-considered legislation. Citizenship Act should be amended. Living in a stateless soul ~ Living in a stateless soul ~ Using faronics deep freeze for PCs that clients of a rehab facility will be using, great product.. Repurposed stateless PCs! Top 3 weekly IAMX - 22. Stateless - 14. Terranova - 13. Stateful packets indeed! One day, young padawan, you will be enlightened unto the power of functional, stateless computation. Read this: I never knew a stateless society had existed myself until recently. Song of the day: Stateless-Bloodstream framework: Nehalem CPUs, 10GE NIC, 10GE LAN, FC HBA, FC SAN, mgmt, x-chassis server mobility, x-chassis stateless Medieval Ireland was stateless for 1000 years, and functioned quite well until English bankers got involved and ruined it... Waffles: Stateless - Stateless [2007-MP3-V2(VBR)] i <3 genius. selected song was 'bloodstream' by stateless, song is 'love love love' by as tall as lions. you're good genius, you're good I want to live the values of stateless supply chain management. What gives with rolled out stateless service grids? Out on the back porch listening to on my dads MacBook pro. Shut up lol
Join us for a Hess Wine Dinner in on Oct 8 RSVP I am however, still looking forward to an ep w/ ur direction and some Hess/Friedman writing goodness !! Do you come to Hamilton often? Have you been to the new venue in Hess, Rokbar? That's where Mstrkrft is playing Hey, Mstrkrft is playing a show in that new venue in Hess. Would you be interested in attending such an event? Hess Family Auto Center - 2007 Ford Explorer Trac Limited $24,999 at im havinqq a boii soo itss lil Krishh Lol..hess Fineeee RILYA Sierra,11 and Keara Hess,12 (9mo preg) Abducted by adopted father RILYA Sierra,11 and Keara Hess,12 (9mo preg) Abducted by adopted father RILYA Sierra,11 and Keara Hess,12 (9mo preg) Abducted by adopted father Have you seen Keara Hess? Age 12 and 9 months pregnant - Family abduction by Dad. Please if you're not aware that hess is giving out free kittens away at the end of class. in her pants. also heroin Have you seen Keara Hess? Age 12 and 9 months pregnant - Family abduction by Dad. hess is selling kttenins after scool.. in her pants hey if anyone is aware of the kittens being given out at the end of class see hess is meeting with Hess hess is now selling heroin in her pants hess has free kitens in her pants at the end of class come get one if anyone wants a free kittens come to hess pants at the end of class :] RILYA Sierra,11 and Keara Hess,12 (9mo preg) Abducted by adopted father RILYA Sierra,11 and Keara Hess,12 (9mo preg) Abducted by adopted father RILYA Sierra,11 and Keara Hess,12 (9mo preg) Abducted by adopted father happy frakie :) hess too cute :) RILYA Sierra,11 and Keara Hess,12 (9mo preg) Abducted by adopted father RILYA Sierra,11 and Keara Hess,12 (9mo preg) Abducted by adopted father Join us as we host a Hess Wine Dinner on October 8, view details & complete menu on website at RILYA Sierra,11 and Keara Hess,12 (9mo preg) Abducted by adopted father RILYA "Keara Lasha Hess, 12(pregnant), Sierra Nicole Hess, 11, Mooresville, NC - PEACE4 THE MISSING" ( ) RILYA Sierra,11 and Keara Hess,12 (9mo preg) Abducted by adopted father RILYA Sierra,11 and Keara Hess,12 (9mo preg) Abducted by adopted father Join us as we host a Hess Wine Dinner on October 8 - view the details and complete menu on our website at Join us for as we host a Hess Wine Dinner on October 8 - view the details and complete menu on our website at Blahh blahh blahh hess not talkingg! Why isn't He talkingg! This Day in History in 1929 Joe Hess of the University of makes the first interception return for a touchdown in Canadian football. This Day in History in 1929 Joe Hess of the University of makes the first interception return for a touchdown in Canadian football. The Hess Family: Watching Auburn Football I want to read: Safari Animals by Paul Hess - Photo: Noah HESS Yaitanes Hess Friedman = goooooood episode ever!!!!! Need something 2 do today no school & it's raining out for all elementary aged youth Miss Hess will be here for fun & games between 2pm-4pm awesome! You're an awesome director&Sara Hess is an amazing writer! Can't wait to see the episode! Sara Hess is my favorite writer ! Can't wait to see tonights episode ! thanks for the You're the best ! Recruitment in Mays Landing today, signup for Cub Scouts on Tuesday at 7 pm @ Hess School for Pack 126 or Pack 254 is so in love! Check out my new myspace background friends! Tell what you think! I <3 You Officer C.N.Hess! ... I'm in Hess today, was wondering if you wanted to do a bit of pre-work yoga tomorrow in the office?
Age at menarche in girls with celiac disease. Sons of Menarche (my FF team) are getting their rear ends handed to them today. So much for getting of to a 3 - 0 is my sister and i just following her... DO IT!! figuring out if anyone I know is on here
I think i'm getting sick. My nose is all snotty 2nd Caller- " nasal snotty voice* Well see we have to put all the names of the guests together because the rooming list is just so!" To the little bitches behind me, stop fuckin complaining about such fuckin small things fuckin snotty ass skanks Haha! Wow, stuck up snotty couple with little dogs named Beamer and Audi didn't like Kainoa or other dog. They drive a Toyota. OMG, it's about time. I only sent that like a year ago. (Just keeping up the "snotty" theme.) Wow, stuck up snotty couple with little dogs named Beamer and Audi didn't like Kainoa or other dog. They drive a Toyota. yup stuffy,itchy snotty heads itchy throat and ears...not wanting to do shit other than sleep , breathing kinda suc ... I still don't think I'm capable of posting a new blog entry without it being bitter and snotty and "yeah well fuck you too!"-y. i just found your tweet and you're right, it was snotty. lol awww my sissy poo! Lol, dnt worry, just keep on blowin lmao! Much better sis! Except for my snotty nose! - Oh Lord, she felt the wrath of you getting snotty? She won't ask again LOL! nah I've known her since snotty noses in the sand box Going to Copenhagen tomorrow, hopefully without a snotty nose! haha i know yeah! she looks so un-interested and snotty like she's thinking 'oh shut up', biatch! u da creep mama...and blow yo snotty ass nose ...and wayne wayne got a million dolla watch almost all good again! Still snotty I mean Ken, this chick keeps asking me if I cut my hair every single Monday! LOL Drivin me crazy. I got snotty with her! Good lord I'm snotty today I love the smell of Snotty Grotty :) snotty, sneezing, and coughing 270/365 - Just caught some snotty nose little kids throwin rocks at my balcony tryin to hit my dog.. wtf where is their momma and why the hell aint th Everyone's sniffly and snotty but me. I feel invincible! I've learned that my 2 year old will always wanna kiss me on the lips only when she has a snotty nose %-) Oh sad :( Poor snotty McGee...he is the snottiest. I can send him kleenex and chicken soup Snotty McGee was on doxycyclene (sp?) which made him sick. Changing meds later today. placement is so fun all the goo, homemade dough and toys and snotty noses XO YUCK! lol that didn't sound like love to me! How is snotty snot dog face Guinness? I do mean that w/love :) I got more green than a snotty nose man, I've used like ten of those imndividual packs of tissue in two days...my snotty-nosed self...lol This kitten is super clingy. Also, she keeps sneezing snotty sneezes on me. so snotty, literally. I can't ditch school though, can't wait to be THAT person in class. Stay away I have the plague! yea get some rest, i dont need you all snotty nose & coughin Have been watching Seinfeld all day pretty much. It's time to step back into reality. Sick, snotty, sneezy reality. (Irony I'm choking to death on: The snotty, smug asshole who doesn't have time for us proles is editor of MONOCLE MAGAZINE.) See-- try to be a student and go to office hours..then the professors wanna act all ugly and snotty...smh I hate that Monday again....still feeling snotty ... not snotty noses- but snotty attitude! missed the bus b/c of terrible behavior! But all is good now- got 'em all packed away! Good morning!!! Hope all is well in the little people world!! Not too many snotty noses I hope Poorly snotty baby is driving me slowly but surely insane. yup stuffy,itchy snotty heads itchy throat and ears...not wanting to do shit other than sleep , breathing kinda suc ... oh i love sitting in class next to snotty girls! Hope N wakes up soon. I want clothes. Am in robe after getting puked on by snotty girl. Woo hoo. snotty nosed babies ='s Miss Hillary with another head cold. Ughhhh. Still gotta work it tho! One 12 hr day com ... snotty you crack me up.....but you are very right. :) Cracking hour at Bell Hill. Up to 1200ft ATO. Snotty lowdown. Joined up higher. Buoyant everywhere. Smiles all round here. Rapdily marching into a snotty conflict with a cold. I've just armed up for chemical warfare. First time making and eating poached eggs. Verdict: not bad, a bit on the snotty side. New cold? Or same as before back to retaliate with snotty revenge? no Hun he has a cold he's really snotty and miserable :( I went to the Craigslist Valentines day and had a terrible experience....lots of snotty b
the spotty bra's quite nice too :D Will test Spotify streaming over 3G on a train tomorrow, wonder how it will hold up :) 3G coverage is spotty, wonder how it will cope :) Keisha and Spotty, sitting on a tree, B-A-R-K-I-N-G!!! :D the spotty dotty? he's very adorable :) BUt it was funny seeing all the expensive cars all red and spotty with dust :D Haha to them! :) I am so glad you found housing...... and it sounds like Spotty is happy too :-) ........ if you need a friend I am here to help :-) oo downloads for the mac, the weepies, spotty dress :) toast. yea..next time we should go out and drink some beer with spotty-matt :) y/y? AHHHHHHHHHHHH. Have fun, girly! I'll be thinking of you at the dance! I have spotty service! :D must be at the edge of the wireless here. it can be spotty sometimes. it's great when present though. :) fat and spotty, great :) spotty, does it have H10100101N00010101 ? :) Wow! At least U have a week to get used 2Ur schedule. Not like a spotty one here/there. hope U get some sleep soon :) hasn't had enough sleep in the slightest, is spotty, tired and achy but does not care! :) Sheffield Baby :D Yay! Gmail push now works (well) on the iPhone :) Was a little spotty yesterday under the load of new users, but it works like a charm now. okey karaokey... maybe your twacky's too cracky...? be good! How's spotty? :) I think I was sharing my bus home with all the sch kids..Wafting chips and spotty faces lol! Good Tims! :) eeee i'm al spotty. had a good night with ash :) Video chat with who is above 30,000 feet. His connection is pretty spotty. Jet lag anyone? :) Mine's grey spotty-mottled lino at the moment, once I have paint organised I'll rip the lino up. ^_^ Oh finally, I won't have to scour the for spotty WRC torrents, I can finally watch the real thing!! :D Yeahh I saw it, spotty boob =] Your dad sounds funny, go clubbing with your nan! :D haha x
so someone made a PRETTY SWEET TWILIGHT BOOK COVER all they needed was papyrus for the title and they would have been set hmmm, lost me there. Do boys Papyrus" I didn't know any boys besides anything. LOL (Blech) what happens if I said "I Papyrus" Would your head explode? ;) <<No. You'll turn into a boy. what happens if I said "I Papyrus" Would your head explode? ;) searched Twitter to see which was more loathed - Papyrus or Comic Sans. Like chocolate and PB, they're oft mentioned together. I hate saying "I anything. Worse than LOL <<You're getting me back for Papyrus, aren't you? I was torn between that or papyrus. that last tweet should be marked or btw use Papyrus my roommate brought us back papyrus paintings from cairo. thats close to hieroglyphics lol Amazon Kindle surely kindles my imagination and expecation. Will words from Papyrus be eventually digitalized? Too little, too late? I hope not! - Papyrus Swamp Conservation (via - Why save'em? Papyrus swamps at work night and day in Africa providing a bird habitat and check to pollution. That is so true! I twitch at the sight of Papyrus--and a lot of other fonts...I'm kind of a type snob. lol. Vector Egyptian Papyrus summer travel tips Fragments of lost Royal Canon Papyrus found | Egypt Then and Now ...: Last.. perhaps he could try another great favourite of the comic sans users - papyrus! mmmmmm I've got no beef with Comic Sans, but papyrus is awful. I saw a sign which used comic sans ms and papyrus. I cringed. If people don't doing things my way then everything I produce is going to using Papyrus or Comix Sans. I'm fairly Without a doubt. That Papyrus font is stalking me! That Papyrus font is WIN. IM THE FLYEST ON PAPYRUS! Casual always had some interesting shit to say. listen up: it is no longer 1997. The bevel and emboss filter is dead. and stop using Papyrus. it's worse than comic sans. Shit, people. i do all my work in papyrus to remind my pokefriends of my unknown heritage there is no mntn except in myths and religion of jew state in palestine in all me egypt papyrus, temples, etc no evidnc evr found jajaja papyrus xD Helvetica vs Arial - Warning to all Papyrus-phobics: beware your neighborhood fair... < FONT FACE="PAPYRUS" COLOR="PURPLE" >YOUR TEXT HERE< /FONT > teeheee Yummy dinner at Papyrus. Great conversation with a fellow development friend in country considering Rwandan income generating projects. Lieber Gustav 14, a deep, sensual scent with lavender, black tea, tonka bean, papyrus, leather notes... I Promise I Will Never Use Hobo Comic Sans or Papyrus Ever Again FOODS THAT CONTROL DIABETES: Foods that carry out diabetes In 1550 BC, the critical Ebers Papyrus suggested - Papyrus boats, the earliest in ancient Egypt 6000 BC, helped to develop Western Civilization - Papyrus Boats and The of Western Civilization - Papyrus Boats and The of Western Civilization - Papyrus Boats and the of Western Civilization You know fantasy leagues? I had a dream there were stocks for fonts. Papyrus JUST kept trending. :O Review of the Giant Papyrus 25 Seeds - Cyperus Every time I see the font Papyrus a little of me dies. Every time I see the font Papyrus a little of me dies. - Papyrus boats, the earliest in ancient Egypt 6000 BC, helped to develop Western Civilization - Papyrus boats and Western Civilization - Papyrus Boats and Western Civilization OH by "Papyrus is the new Comic Sans." - Papyrus boats and Western Civilization - Papyrus boats, the earliest in ancient Egypt 6000 BC, helped to develop Western Civilization <font size="7" color="black" face="papyrus"> A DAY TO REMEMBER...... T.T - Papyrus boats, the earliest in ancient Egypt 6000 BC, helped to develop Western Civilization Today we were in a town that must be the Papyrus (typeface) capital of the world, judging by ads and signs. Have pictures for later! Not seeing hope in this movie....THEY used PAPYRUS! Ah bad sign
I hear ya with Adobe. I have Pro on my computer here and it's done nothing but pummel every other useful program when opened. Daughter Liz Cheney is rising GOP voice. Shares Dad's "willingness to pummel President Obama." NY Times: Whatever it is inside you that's stoping you - crush it! Pummel it into submission! And stand the F@&K up! Walgreen Poised to Pummel Sector: Will Walgreen live up to the hype when it its results on Tu.. Walgreen Poised to Pummel Sector: What 's the collective noun for a series of rejections? A pile? A pummel? A storm? An echo-chamber? A ah dogsitting. im scared to let the dog outside because it can pummel any dog that walks by posting> Wilson: Ravens pummel Browns - Wilson: Ravens pummel Browns: Ravens improve to 3-0, Browns drop to 0-3 I've got a big stick. And the authority to pummel you with it. Like a child I reall cant contain myself. Obama News! Cheney, the Next Generation -- By: NRO Staff: She also shares his willingness to pummel .. pummel Great seeing my Saints pummel the Bills in person today!! I need a printer technicican/ voodoo/ magician. Alternatively I'll be happy if someone brings me a big stick to pummel evil printer From the Desk Panthers Pummel Missouri State : Third ranked Iowa beat Misso.. am that's it I'm going to pummel some mean people I'd rather watch Goonies on TBS, than peyton manning pummel one of my fantasy teams Nice field goal. Time to watch the defense pummel warner again lol pummel Just don't go and pummel anyone with office supplies, Ok? Unbeaten Giants pummel winless Buccaneers despise me all you want i will pummel you with my fat! are going to pummel the next week. Looking at Browns schedule, I see 4 possible wins: at DET, at KC, vs OAK, vs JAX. pummel New post on : Pummel Hog by Nathan Novak New post on : Pummel Hog by Nathan Novak It's Rough... Corryn Wants To Pummel The Baby... But It Is It... Live... Laugh... Love... ... I hear you! Hope we pummel the Bucs next week. Best to stick to what you know best: CRE baybeee! my oh my :P i love dancing :) Ohhhh, she'll do more than just pummel you =O Watching the Eagles pummel the Chefs. D Jackson is amazing. Also watching the German election results. Merkel will keep job as Chancellor Watching the Ravens pummel the Browns. Go Ravens :) ... Cleaning the house about to watch the Saints pummel T.O. and the Bills Gearing up for another week learning about Labor and Employment Law. 49ers just need to pummel* 52 year-old Viking QB out of the game. Let's try that one again...The Bengals play the Browns today. I'm pulling for the boys from the jungle to pummel the dawgs from the pound!! The Bengals play the Cleveland today. I'm pulling for the boys from the jungle to pummel the dawgs from the pound!!! GO RYLIE! my parents would literally like pummel me for an hour until i was bleeding lol Would it violate the new WaPo Twitter policy if I said that I think the Giants D-backs are going to physically pummel the Bucs? 2 guys having sex w/ girl = Double Teaming aka NOT A 3 WAY. e.g.- 2 guys viciously attack & pummel you brutally. Is that a 3 way fight? No. CNN: Downpours subsided temporarily in the Philippines on Sunday, a day after Tropical Storm Ketsana pummel.. Panthers Pummel Missouri State - Ozarks First: Wondering why people get off on violence.... human nature to see people pummel each other and get enjoyment out of it, I guess... 8 weeks to go, getting ready to pummel him.... You don't need to watch your Giants pummel my Bucs. I don't need to either but I'll still watch because I'm a masochist. Let's not pretend like you didn't watch him pummel in his near nakedness in the same room I did on the same tv Sir. bout to go watch Vladimir pummel an over matched foe....the heavy weight division SUCKS!!!1 Are we talking "me" meaning me? Or "me" meaning you? I daren't guess which of us has more pummel-by appeal... Watching Drexel Dragons pummel Nova Wildcats: - 5-0 - I'll watch hockey any chance I get & gf's bro plays for DU. I'll bet it blows over after it is an excuse to pummel somewhere else in the region. I'll bet it blows over after it is an escuse to pummel somewhere else in the region. My observation: If you pummel with enough tweets eventually she'll think you're insane enough to "need" a reply.
ahh, was in our version of the Swansea Faraday cage doing some Bass lessons all afternoon:) "Nothing is too wonderful to be true." -michael faraday Liked "Daniel Faraday by ~ChocoChants on Paranoid? Make a Faraday Cage Wallet :) - The unbound curiosity of Michael Faraday - a brilliant speech by MIT President Susan Hockfield. Fingers crossed for you - can't wait to meet Captain Faraday of the RAF... okay, I need your opinion, haha. should I be faraday, ben, or juliet for halloween? BUT IS THERE A JULIET OR FARADAY??! I FORGOT TO REORD. The fact that this show's continuity is amazing. I just saw Faraday crying watching tv in episode 4.02 and they explain it in epi 5.14 Charlie, Daniel Faraday, Boone, Shannon, Ana-Lucia, Dr. Arzt, U.S. Marshal Mars, plus some others. Faraday Cage room is not helping me debug the network editor... Fuck this faraday cage known as Los Angeles. Huu.. Mntang2 ad Faraday-nya.. orang italy gw..:P Good afternoon. It would be little strange (no pun intended) if a woman read Faraday. It is more love than ghost story so far. Season 5 - Episode 14 - The Variable | lost-online.us: In 1977, Daniel Faraday returns to the island in order to war.. which one of diannes things? nicole faraday one? andd i'm gonna come up in thee 11th :D i can't wait to see yaa! good holiday? ly Just posted "I love Daniel Faraday too, though, but Sawyer's had me longer." on Trail 4 above park at Camino Hills and Faraday. Cannon rd to Faraday, and look for Cam Hls and park on Pack off at 6p. loll i need to find you that disc :) or maybe you can find the rest of that ep on youtube in bits lol :) aahh yeah faraday haha :D LULWHUT FARADAY. there's something he's been keeping from usss ;) and lmaoo this is that faraday pisstake vid Recebi uma mensagem de texto sms datada de 1970. This could be Lost. Help me, Faraday. YES. CAN WE PLEEEASE HAVE PRINCESSES FARADAY?? PLEASE PLEASE PLEEEEEEASE??! Re-watching LOST season 5 and just watched Faraday die all over again :'( Its that that makes me not want to even see the next season.. the cure would depend on the problem. For worst-case scenario, Google "Faraday Cage." - You go Mr. Faraday! My wallet is a faraday cage. Your arguement is invalid. Check this video out -- Faraday Cage wants to meet Michael Faraday(thanks google) just so she can hug him and say "thank you so much for inventing the generation set!!!" i reckon it's ALL KINDS of fucking awesome that there was a goddamned FARADAY CAGE on that is some epic goddamn win right there. GASP FARADAY AND DEZ! What is that? Watching a copy of 'Test of Faith' sent to me by the Faraday Institute. So far I can't say I am very impressed Now all I need is some Sagan-Faraday Chimera and Wow! will the world be perfect!! :-D um i would like to say that skinny ties are back bc of Daniel Faraday. Not fucking Mad Men. That little kid-monster was creepy. And where was Faraday? Available Now: 606 Faraday Place NE - 2Beds 1Bath $274,955 - Available Now: 606 Faraday Place NE 2Beds 1Bath $274,955 Boone,Charlie and Daniel faraday,All My Favourites On LOST who got killed off,are coming back for a few episode on season 6. Well, I just learned where Daniel Faraday's name comes from... actually, it's Day.. no Friday.. no Fright Day.. ;) lol.. Train God, it's Faraday. RFID blocking wallet what's next, Faraday jackets replacing goretex? :) Then I might suggest a full body faraday cage. Everyone is looking for an excuse to wear chain mail, right? @ loughborough Uni tonight, the brave folk from faraday Hall have let The Dog in! Lock up your daughters Loughboro ... i am talking with faraday about his future yg ac mbl g tau sp. Tp Johngorrie,michael faraday,willis haviland adl tkoh pncipta AC,mri bdoa utk mreka not bad thanks. Who I'd the person reading little stranger is it a man as faraday? watching Fringe it has daniel faraday on it!
YES - just found my missing Crimson Guardsman sidearm by accident. Figured it would turn up. Seneca Wallace sidearm INT to Briggs from own endzone. C'mon man! Throw it away! GEN McChrystal is one of my heroes now. No sidearm/body armor in the streets of Afghan. He lives in a CHU! A true American. GEN McChrystal is one of my heroes now. No sidearm/body armor in the streets of Afghan. He lives in a CHU! A true American. GEN McChrystal is another one of my heroes now. No sidearm or body armor in the streets of Afghanistan. He lives in a CHU! A true American. I'm to hate Seneca Wallace's sidearm throws and his quick feet. And amongst all these other problems, he appears to have misplaced his sidearm. The poor fellow. LOL back to my Kentucky sidearm! It's OK, I have a back to my Kentucky sidearm! It's OK, I have a Love and darkness and my sidearm... hey, elan, elan. After arming my self with the three basic zombie weapons: blunt, sidearm,firearm. I would steal a truck and drive to my local Arbys Think the best of people, have faith in your fellow man, and carry a concealed sidearm at all times. Once I leave here off to shoot some Going to practice my flick (sidearm) wishing foe success. show sidearm/secondary stats OK, so, Madison Ave, Black Ops, Right Wing, Big Pharma, etc. wants me out of picture. even though Me tiny biting flea.Only magic and sidearm - But the Storm sleeps with me.[Thats a toy...get a real sidearm Glock40 cal! there needs to be more sidearm pitchers in the big leagues. I absolutely love watching them. case the offenders are in the US, I think Sgt Flippytail and his trusty sidearm, "Betsy," would be pleased to handle it. :P Was Qaddafi's speech the UN's all-time low? Arafat with a sidearm? I ask u a question n u jus ignore me like im not 6'2 wit a sidearm wit a itchy trigger finger im security 4 a reason!! NPSC results: Off-Duty Sidearm match Why is Sean Green throwing sidearm? Top 6th Jason Cromer gives up 2 HR making this a 4-3 game Bulls. The sidearm reliever Joe Bateman now coming in to pitch. I'm loving the ODST hand gun, best sidearm ever! Alright. Househunting. Fetch me my sidearm. love and darkness and my sidearm, hey elan.
Thought they were trying to shut down the cabarets in DTW? Or were u talking about something else? Cabarets are for old people....lol...might get me a cougar out the nite tho lol I wonder if all cabarets are like this. Women stripping down to their chonies, flashing smiles as beautiful as rainbows. Speaking of photos...do you reckon Jon's thing will be a no-photo zone? Wad's cabarets were v laid back, so twas photos galore... Gender bending cabarets , Madame & Michou both in rue des 75018. friday my dear friend and fellow chanteuse. Well I guess we don't sing in too many cabarets. Biker Attacks, Cabarets & Online Jurisdiction: Lessons in Staying Home and Safely Watching TV in cabarets and laser shows Come out tonight for our amazing cabarets! Biker Attacks, Cabarets & Online Jurisdiction: Lessons in Staying Home and Safely Watching TV | via This week= new office, 2nd service, Elijah's first yankees game and against Boston no less, cabarets, fights at Lowes, and paint Almost decibel festival time! Preparing set lists and video tech- going tonight on a cruise with the Can Can Cabarets "Yacht Night". Biker Attacks, Cabarets & Online Jurisdiction: Lessons in Staying Home and Safely Watching TV complexd: Biker Attacks, Cabarets & Online Jurisdiction: Lessons in Staying Home and Safely Watching TV Biker Attacks, Cabarets & Online Jurisdiction: Lessons in Staying Home and Safely Watching TV whoa. you are not going to believe who has signed on for the Nov. and Dec. True Color Cabarets!! MAJOR!! Sept. and Oct. SOLD OUT!! woo hoo! Biker Attacks, Cabarets & Online Jurisdiction: Lessons in Staying Home and Safely Watching TV: A Pennsylvania Pr.. asha ji's sexy voice & Helen ji's oops... miss the combo the most dignified cabarets.so sensuous yet can sit and watch with my son kind
is going to be racing around woodbine racetrack on wednesday. this is bound to be highly amusing for everyone except me. ...it was really being difficult so it pissed me off. 3. Daryl was at a racetrack racing his horses and ppl were teasing him cause... Going to the Racetrack. ~ Review Tri-State Racetrack & Gaming Center: Far From Being a Lou Gramm Songwriter Rock Vocalist Performed At Wheeling Island Hotel Casino Racetrack... yes, we def. do! check out & to find out more & take action against racetrack cruelty somehow im to blame this never ending racetrack that they call life Dear black mustang I get you have bills 2 pay but take the shoe polish racetrack numbers off your car before the pizza delivery sign goes on Arlington Park Racetrack - Top visit places in Chicago - Internationally acclaimed as one of racing would that also mean it's filled up beyond the racetrack? I recalled hearing something about that a while ago the drought. I jus saw Bey pics at the racetrack thing - does she have enough new growth wtf!?!?! Aww don't tell me that's her lacefront lookin lyke that FYI, Bouquet Cyn has turned into a racetrack during the weekend for superbike and auto enthusiasts. ooh racetrack..maaybe. funtimes! I'm actually a city girl, but I've had horses all my life. Learned to ride on a backwater racetrack in the middle of the city. BH_RaceResults: Proud Leader wins an allowance at Mountaineer Casino Racetrack & had a great fam. day wid my 2 men. went 2 da racetrack then out to eat. now bout 2 cuddle up wid my hubby and watch ... In my opinion... yes. They were right at the top of the racetrack where Joey was at which caused the whole accident. Proud Leader wins an allowance at Mountaineer Casino Racetrack & Arlington Park Racetrack - Top visit places in Chicago - Internationally acclaimed as one of racing no, not ward. A guy I used to work with at the racetrack passed away last week Haj! My dad thinks I work at a racetrack - I assure him that I do! Bask in the Sun wins an allowance at Mountaineer Casino Racetrack & That's funny! R a blast 2 drive Best tim is late nite. store becomes yr racetrack (via Those are such a blast to drive! Best time is late at night....the store becomes your racetrack. Arizona lovers - it appears the Phoenix racetrack is closing down, so think about adopting another since they need homes. I got my gear packed for the racetrack tomorrow! VIR, here we come! Time to get the finishing touches on the RSX for the 13 hour! Lowes Motor Speedway Charlotte Concord NC Guide hotels near the racetrack, weather, tips at Lowes Motor Speedway Charlotte Concord NC Guide hotels near the racetrack, weather, tips at is at da racetrack in Atmore...it has been a while but things haven't changeed Can't wait. Good to be back at a track that is a REAL racetrack. Forget these circus'. Phoenix Greyhound racetrack to shut down Democracy is like a racetrack.Every few years you have the option 2 change drivers- Whats needed is to throw away the car Democracy is like a racetrack.Every few years you have the option 2 change drivers- Whats needed is to throw away the car. Pick up all ur tears throw em in your backseat leave without a second glance Somehow im to blame for this never ending racetrack u call life Is ABC equating Dover racetrack to Johnny Cash's Ring of Fire?? Is ABC equating Dover racetrack to Johnny Cash's Ring of Fire?? Sadler - We need to do something to get the back back in the racetrack. (On lap 207) Jeff Gordon: "The back end isn't even CLOSE to being in the racetrack." He's been fighting it all day but is 6th. Arlington Park Racetrack - Top visit places in Chicago - Internationally acclaimed as one of racing Sunland park racetrack and casino where the winners play!!! the fastest is in germany at a formula one racetrack now I believe :X Phoenix Greyhound racetrack to shut down Phoenix Greyhound racetrack to shut down somehow I'm to blame, for this never ending racetrack you call life Just came back from walking around the racetrack. Incredibly tired. I LOVE THE SINGAPORE GRAND PRIX! Fairplex racetrack for Jobs w/ Junior Seau today! Did you catch Junior's run-in w/ the bull!? Crazy!! The racetrack is boring
FREE BAG OF WOMENS CLOTHES SIZE 7-9 GOOD CLOTHES JEANS, (3126 RAYMOND BROOKFIELD): PLEASE TAKE THIS BAG .. Getting some work done while on vacation at a Starbucks in Brookfield. Vacation = Work. Project Manager with Recent Mainframe Experience at COMTEK Group in brookfield, WI: Our client in Brookfield is.. ~Speaking at Victory International Fellowship in Brookfield, WI on October 11th: NICKY CRUZ - LCWC: MEDICAL EMERGENCY: EPHRATA TOWNSHIP; BROOKFIELD DR & MARKET VIEW DR; AMBULANCE 1-12-1; Brookfield Zoo - Top visit places in Chicago - Brookfield Zoo is home to more than 2,000 animals, f Brookfield's Don Aroney on stadium construction (next) ...Brookfield Pumpkins is owned by our good friends, the Roops. Great people, great farm. It's pumpkin time! Brookfield Pumpkins is owned by our good friends, the Roops. Great people, great farm. GUS TOUR: Gus is in somebody else's garden! He's out in Eble Park in Brookfield. On air and streaming: Captain in Brookfield Health Sciences complex. Oh yeah 67 people replied to our invitation to go training. Going to be a tough one National Runoffs: Sunday summary: Scott Rubenzer, of Brookfield, Wis., captured his first S.. The Station of Brookfield 5/5 on I wanted to update since it has been a year. They now deliver and take cred... Coffey, Stetter, Parra, Vargas and Escobar at Friday's in Brookfield right now. This is so cool! Brookfield, WI Residents - You are invited to the HeavenHouse Foundation celebration Oct 3, 3pm Greenfield & Calhoun We are on our way to the Brookfield Zoo right outside of Chicago. We play there today with Josh Gracin HeavenHouse - A home being built by volunteers in Brookfield for an Unbelievable Family - Sat Oct 3, 3pm Come see it - Apparently found the Sunday night hangout. TGI Friday's in Brookfield. Who knew? Game on! Waukesha County - Sounds like a lot of wires, tree's and branches down in Delafield, Pewaukee & Brookfield Waukesha Dude a tornado is totally gonna roll through brookfield tonight!!! Marble sized hail just came down from the sky in Brookfield ... it was a beautiful day this morning ... only in Wisconsin. Rolling thunder and the lightning show here in Brookfield is very sexy. ummm every other sunday im off work! And i have like 45 min break between class & work but i have 2 get 2 Brookfield from UWM! Brookfield Zoo - Top visit places in Chicago - Brookfield Zoo is home to more than 2,000 animals, f Somers, N.Y. man arrested in Brookfield robbery Former Brookfield gymnastics coach charged with rape to get trial date Brookfield Area National Board Candidate Workshops; 5pm - 7:30pm Mon, Sept 28 2009; TriWauk Uniserve 13805 W. Burleigh Rd,Brookfield exactly. i'd be in santa rita on my way to chinchilla fuckin around in Brookfield..it was good to see Oakland minus the violence NZ Snowboarder Shoot | Vaughan Brookfield - freelance snowboarding ... RN Jobs! Patient Care Coordinator (RN Supervisor) Job (Brookfield, WI): Title Patient Care Coordinator .. Goodmorning, beautiful day here in Brisbane. I'm just about to visit Brookfield, it's nice out there I hear. @ the Brookfield Zoo with the girls. In Brookfield...the dry cleaners is located inside the Esso. How bizarre. We have affiliates in Brookfield Wisconsin. Happiness depends upon ourselves. Cruisin' around Chicago, w/the sound system blastingggg. Looking for a suitable place to eat. Any suggestions? And no, the Brookfield zo ... New Free Brookfield Zoo admission Tu/Th Oct-Dec Brookfield with Brookfield Zoo - Top visit places in Chicago - Brookfield Zoo is home to more than 2,000 animals, f I hate Brookfield haha, technology never works right out here. Today is the day!!! "Riding on Red Carpet" Bus boarding at brookfield library at eat and drink with us for free!! - Quaboag Current's wrapup of this past week's West Brookfield Board of Selectmen meeting (click link and go to page 8.) Today is the day!!! "Riding on Red Carpet" Bus boarding at brookfield library at eat and drink with us for free and enjoy a looking forward to Taco Night with our friends from Brookfield Farm! yeah I just helping out at the Melting Pot in Appleton mostly Managing.. I used to work at the one in Brookfield Brookfield Zoo - Top visit places in Chicago - Brookfield Zoo is home to more than 2,000 animals, f Taking my Munchkin to BrookField Zoo today! ...
L. Schafer et al.: Tantalum-Amidate Complexes for the Hydroaminoalkylation of Secondary Amines:... Vacheron Constantin Goes from 1 to 100 for Charity - limited edition tantalum/palladium Quai de l'Ile video Vacheron Constantin Goes from 1 to 100 for Charity - limited edition tantalum/palladium Quai de l'Ile video market undergoing period of Sending the parents off with a dinner at Tantalum! Mmmmmmmmmmmm! FriendFeed/daily: AVX 220uF 6.3V Surface Mount Tantalum Capacitor LO ESR C 6032 10% (Continuous strip of 25) Reading: Hot off the drawing board:A brand new Tantalum/Palladium Quai de l'Ile ( ) Someone soldered a tantalum cap on backwards once. When board was powered, it blew a hole in it. Nasty smell. Lol Pacific Wildcat Resources Corp.: Company Actively Examining Lithium Potential on Mozambique Tantalum Licences Pacific Wildcat Resources Corp.: Company Actively Examining Lithium Potential on Mozambique Tantalum Licences Great time last night at Tantalum for the Weekly Wednesdays! See you all next week at Boston's in downton Long Beach! Mineweb: market as loom $$ LBSU BBall Coaches Speak To Fans At Tantalum - Beach Talk: Sep-24 - LBSU BBall Coaches Speak To Fans At Tantalum: Zoomy gets back in action with a f.. LBSU BBall Coaches Speak To Fans At Tantalum Great time with the donors, boosters and fans at Tantalum tonight. Counting down the days until first practice. See you next Wed at Boston's to push up prices | 24 September 2009 | Enjoying the food, drink and basketball talk at Tantalum! Come visit us and have some fun. Go Beach! Tantalum to push up prices .... Tantalum to push up prices .. Tantalum to push up prices .... Tantalum to push up prices .... Finishing up the day's stories, then heading to Tantalum for a chat with 49er bball coaches. See you there! you're cute. Will return love when I get online. Yeahh :) Have you booked in online? Hey :D Going to Edinburgh uni on Saturday :) Exciting all of this uni stuff. :D no I haven't what about you? Need some good sleep :) Got any plans for your September Weekend? Need some good sleep :) Got any plays for your September Weekend? Would someone interesting come on MSN? that's a wee shame! I'm soooo knackered. I'm alrightee. Bit tired, and bored of the masses of homework I seem to get rofl. and youu? :) okay? Haha. How are you? Yeahhh :( One more adjustment after this she says :P Australia's Talison Minerals plans to reactivate its Wodgina tantalum mine in mid-2010; supply squeeze forecast. Still a brace face? Such a trek to the :P Proactive Investors NA - Tantalum market as serious ...: Tantalum is also used to produce a variety .. I whole agree, but that is the beauty as those people fall while in the end the ones who deserve succeed! Australia's Talison Minerals, once the world's top tantalum producer, plans to reactivate its Wodgina mi.. Looking forward to the Weekly Wednesday at Tantalum this week. See you all tomorrow from 5:30-7:30! Selective liquid crystal molecule orientation on ion beam irradiated tantalum oxide ultrathin films :|| Things always happen to people who don't deserve it. :( Yeah :( Such an amazing life I lead. And thank you :) well done on the nine !'s by the way. really? :| Doing CALCULUS!!!!!!!!!
Interview on UCEA Joint Program Center for Study of the Superintendency and District Governance -
The US government would make $30 billion dollars in tax if illicit drugs were legal... SATURDAY!! OCT. 3rd "ILLICIT" @ CIRCOLO SF w/DJ & BDAY 4 $10B410:30 Vouchers @ SAT. OCT. 3rd "ILLICIT" @ CIRCOLO SF w/DJ & BDAY 4 $10B410:30 Vouchers @ SAT.OCT.3rd "ILLICIT" @ CIRCOLO SF w/DJ & BDAY 4 $10B410:30 Vouchers @ SATURDAY!! OCT. 3rd "ILLICIT" @ CIRCOLO SF w/DJ & BDAY 4 $10B410:30 Vouchers @ SAT. OCT. 3rd "ILLICIT" @ CIRCOLO SF w/DJ & BDAY 4 $10B410:30 Vouchers @ Missile tests could signal Iran's preparation 2 make a preemt attack before they lose their illicit nuclear material to UN or revolution Illicit still for Megan's Officially of the worst pub quiz team ever. "shamaliens." I'll be suprised if we get >zero. ... Just got a text from a purveyor of illicit substances announcing a sale... Have had (illicit) cider, tea and ginger snaps. Am going to be meeting up with so many people over the next few days, I feel so loved! I am THIS CLOSE to setting up an illicit TFS box under my desk, and/or burning down the office Rational ClearCase is written at. Fuck CMMI. SATURDAY!! OCT. 3rd "ILLICIT" @ CIRCOLO SF w/DJ & BDAY 4 $10B410:30 Vouchers @ SATURDAY OCT. 3rd "ILLICIT" @ CIRCOLO SF w/DJ & BDAY 4 $10 B410 SATURDAY OCT. 3rd "ILLICIT" @ CIRCOLO SF w/DJ & BDAY 4 $10 B410:30 Vouchers @ SAT. OCT. 3rd "ILLICIT" @ CIRCOLO SF (500 Florida St.) w/ DJ & BDAY Celebration 4 $10 B4 10:30 Vouchers @ Alcohol kills 6 times more youth than ALL other illicit drugs combined!! kills 6 times more youth than ALL other illicit drugs combined!! Alcohol kills 6 times more youth than ALL other illicit drugs combined!! Alcohol kills 6 times more youth than ALL other illicit drugs combined!! sounds like illicit super-secret drug-speak "your daughter, your drug mule: using your daughter to smuggle illicit substances across the border" Photography that can't convey a story isn't photography, its just a snapshot. Photography should illicit an engaging, emotion. Went to an Apple Store for the 1st time today, though I've lived 10 min away for years. It's like some kind of illicit candy. Everyone knows illicit Twi-action goes down behind the dumpster. From Photography that can't convey a story isn't photography, its a snapshot. Photography should illicit an emotional response. Hanoi police seize 20 tons of illicit animal products: Read and give us your comments knows illicit Twi-action goes down behind the dumpster. From knows illicit Twi-action goes down behind the dumpster. From Everyone knows illicit Twi-action goes down behind the dumpster. From Everyone knows illicit Twi-action goes down behind the dumpster. From Photography that can't convey a story isn't photography, its a snapshot. Photography should illicit an emotional response. Photography that can't convey a story isn't photography, its just a snapshot. Photography should illicit an engaging, emotional response. I randomly feel like smoking illicit substances all of a sudden. have not gotten that feeling in ages. can we skip it and go to munchies? Wow never knew that! I wouldn't be suprised though, its hard to come up that big without having some illicit work going on the side VH1 fakes the death of girls to illicit shitty emotional responses from their terrible boyfriends? Reality TV fail. good to have you back. I tried to illicit crumpets out of but she's on some of low carb diet For once, i was PROUD of T.O. It seemed clear that they were trying to illicit a 'blow-up', and he didnt. Today is one of those days when I forsake vegetarianism for the illicit ecstasy of a chicken curry. Mmmmmm. i have illicit very naughty dreams about you.... stem cells ... have no medical value. it's magical fetish tied to illicit drug culture. Reminds me of south park/christopher reeve Sweet Illicit Life: San Francisco - Pt 1: Where gay icon Harvey Milk set up his camera store that ignites Mardi.. Illicit intrigue is fuel to the bot's fire. > How do you mean? Getting me to buy real estate in CA? np: K-Bereit (Featuring Mika Rossi of Autodafeh) - Like A Bullet From A Gun (Illicit Version) > I don't see how tweets about buying commercial real estate could lead to illicit intrigue. Not a turn-on for me. Illicit intrigue is fuel to the bot's fire. A tease perhaps. Or an invitation to a world of illicit intrigue? > We had illicit intrigue before. :) A tease perhaps. Or an invitation to a world of illicit intrigue?
Went to a meeting for which the initiator didn't show up. Consoled myself with a muffin and hot chocolate, which made me sick. Monday Fail. God is the initiator... of life, of salvation, and of the love that calls us back to Him when we lose that "fire" for Him that we once had Success is the fulfillment of the original intent or purpose established by the initiator and source of the assignment. True thought, pure thought, is the very essence and initiator of Love and Gratitude to the perfect Creator." Will NOT be an initiator today. Period. pfft you're usually the initiator! I'm just trying to be nice. Hmmm.. Todays horoscope.. Have Beginners luck.. Be the Initiator of conversation, especially in love.. Interesting OH NOT A PROB, I L-VE BEIN THA INITIATOR!!*POW* "Canada was initiator of G20" Paul & Stephen Harper so proud of their new G20 economic world order i hate being the initiator. Oil and Gas Akin Adetunji Initiator Of Nigerias Local Content Drive I've spoken to the initiator of this graff-ABC-book two weeks ago, and she assured me its gonna be off the hook... Guess i need to come home so u can be the initiator :) Financial stability, financial abundance, and the flow of prosperity come from an energetic focus in which you are the initiator. RE: Banned books week. Number of book challenges by Year, Reason, Institution, & Initiator (1995 - 2008) watched an interesting documentary about the initiator of "One Day of Peace" [ ] watch online (ch-de) 'Canada was initiator of G20' - Edmonton Sun: Globe and Mail'Canada was initiator of G20'Edmonton SunPITTSBURGH, Pa. -- Former L.. "In the center of core was a 25 mm cavity that held the neutron initiator. The initiator used was called the Urchin" Otw to Petak Sembilan. The will begin Too bad the initiator can not join us hehee. 'Theology is a dance with God where the Lord is the initiator' -Chap Clark & the fabulous Hinterher! & the fabulous Why won't the Microsoft iSCSI Initiator see the targets?!?! (I'm not expecting an answer, just venting!) Hood, initiator of is playing in oakland-ca-usa on sat262009, fuck you san francisco :o) , hope 4 good org "Blood on the threshold - seth demonic initiator" - 1st talk @ thelemic symposium das wat i be talkin bout how BASIC is it to really take time out to block somebody from twitter LMAO das corny just like the initiator Studio Network Solutions - Download iSCSI Initiator for Mac OS X: globalSAN iSCSI Initiator fo.. Studio Network Solutions - Download iSCSI Initiator for Mac OS X: globalSAN iSCSI Initiator fo.. Studio Network Solutions - Download iSCSI Initiator for Mac OS X: globalSAN iSCSI Initiator fo.. Studio Network Solutions - Download iSCSI Initiator for Mac OS X: globalSAN iSCSI Initiator fo.. [badminton] Aspirant Initiator te Holsbeek 3-4 en 5 november 2009 # Dnbheaven Radio - Now Playing: Sta & Paul B - Initiator Of Desires (VIP) All friendships & relationships are 2-way streets. 1 person should not always be the contact initiator. GRRRRRRRRR! quickwords zur von Initiator I disagree. Even tho she says it was consensual, IMO the parent *always* primarily culpable, esp, if the initiator. Power > age Oil and Gas Akin Adetunji Initiator Of Nigerias Local Content Drive it produced the godfather and initiator of Alt rock- The Beatles Oil and Gas Akin Adetunji Initiator Of Nigerias Local Content Drive submitted 2 inventions 2 davison design and development company a product for pet owners and a food chain initiator source & grAt speech BO So thankful for the new covenant. I'd rather be God-conscious than performance-conscious. He is both Initiator & Sustainer. So thankful for the new covenant. I'd rather be God-conscious than performance-conscious. He is both Initiator & Sustainer. Membership Sales Initiator Position Open at the InSights Group: InSights Group is seeking an individual to initi.. Membership Sales Initiator Position Open at the InSights Group: InSights Group is seeking an individual to initi.. Membership Sales Initiator Position Open at the InSights Group: Membership Sales Initiator Position Open at the InSights Group: InSights Group is seeking an individual to initi.. Does anyone know how to set up a Cisco PIX/ASA to be an IPsec VPN tunnel initiator or responder? Tired of being the initiator... Actions speak louder than words.
Caffeine is a bitter, white crystalline xanthine alkaloid that is a psychoactive stimulant drug. Caffeine: an alkaloid plant toxin like nicotine and cocaine, caffeine is a bug killer that stimulates the human brain by blocking adenosine scopolamine is of the atropine alkaloid...used in truth serum by the CIA Bear - Alkaloid - buy it!!! Tot woke, made beanery bliss HOUR ago. Think I enjoyed a drop? how can I put this, NO. 3,600 seconds of no alkaloid, weep. Caffeine is a bitter, white crystalline xanthine alkaloid that is a psychoactive stimulant drug. I am high. How do u synthesize a methylated alkaloid? Ooops, wrong Twitter group. Sorry Recruiters, get back to um...whatever it is u do. Waiting for the bitter, white crystalline xanthine alkaloid (aka Caffeine) to kick in....
Tips for eczema sufferers - parents jailed for child's eczema death If your dog or cat develops eczema, it may be an allergy to gluten. Try buying him or her gluten-free food. Read all labels carefully. WiseWays Herbal Natural Skin Care offers an eczema cream that works. dgautama16: 1CEliminate Your Eczema in as Little as 10 Days 1D Somethings obviously bothering me I just dnt no what,eczema is getting really bad on my face :( I'm so happy! We have an appt for Sophee to see a pediatric dermatologist. I hope we can clear up her eczema. Heal Eczema - Powerful Pitch Page ** High Conversions. @ dr's office. My eczema went psycho on me. In need of some med lotion STAT! Is your eczema on front or back of knees? Just confined to there? How do u treat it? Parents that neglected daughter's eczema with tragic results jailed.. How do you cope with yr eczema? 60% covering is a lot isn't it? Not sure little J's outfit for eczema was meant to make him look like he's in a boy band Must be very hard for you atm with one sick and one with eczema flare :( How is it going? Supple Skin ECZEMA Night Time Herbal Tea Eliminate Your Eczema in as Little as 10 Days! - Check this out: Learn how to spot skin problems in children: Atopic dermatitis, eczema, or the c.. Mmm... eczema. Any ladies want a free backscratch? Preventing Skin Infections In Toddlers Suffering From Eczema WOW, you can die of eczema? my friend had that....... O_O (re:homeopathy scandal: Sydney Indian couple sentenced for allowing 9 mo old baby to suffer eczema via ineffective... Eliminate Your Eczema in as Little as 10 hey slutsicle.. and yea the whoranges are gone. Im dyeing my hair :D It like fuck bec my eczema has been bad :( lol Eliminate Your Eczema in as Little as 10 Days! - Banish My Eczema 75% Commission Of $27.95. Heal Eczema - Powerful Pitch Page ** High Conversions. Tired. Up most of the night. Have one sick and one with extreme eczema flareup. Hope they are feeling better soon, maybe with a little TLC. I have a patch of eczema on the front of my neck. Cool story bro. Eliminate Your Eczema in as Little as 10 Days! - thanks for the reply re: eczema - I'll see what I can find out about probiotics and eczema Prison time for homeopath parents that let daughter die of eczema! Still asking what is the harm? Prison time for homeopath parents that let their daughter die of eczema! Still feel like asking what is the harm? Parents failed Gloria, jailed for 'cruelty'Sydney Morning HeraldChronic eczema had left baby Gloria's skin raw .. dealing with my eczema again, wishing for these days to be behind me... mood = hopeful ! thank you but I'm going to be good and try the new cream I've been given. Silly eczema and it's rubbish ways. about her own experiences with eczema & Gloria Sam's parent's rightful conviction of manslaughter Blog by about her own experiences with eczema and Gloria Sam's parent's rightful conviction of manslaughter. Eczema Free Forever - 100% Payout(75% From CB 25% Bonus). ... Eliminate Your Eczema in as Little as 10 Days! - Doctor suggests soy milk for my little one's eczema but isn't that a big allergen? More at verbally its a shame dat d woman hu got jaild 2day 4 usin homeopathy on her daughters eczema which eventually killd her has d same name as my mum!>=( I have psoriatic eczema over ~60% of my body... eczema on my hands, owwww *epic sad face* still, counting my blessings it never came back on my eyelids. eczema on my hands, owwww *epic sad face* still, counting my blessing it never came back on my eyelids. FYI:If u put the planet Saturn in water ..it would float.The Lost Creek festival was ok.But it rained all day Help a few that have eczema :) Ahhhh crap eczema has finally made it's way onto other foot. Stupid rare only hands & feetses thing. Hope this doesn't effect walking. Oh, eczema.. how you ruin my life!
Holiday images: Take a look at the most glamorous hotel in Mykonos HOLIDAY COMING UP...BOOK NOW! COMPANY BEEN KINDA BORING? WELL HERES THE ANSWER! HIT ME - Holiday - Hilary Duff yay! List and sell risk free on with our Holiday Free-For-All! We need to make Joe b-day a national holiday. Can we get U2 to write a song about him? Considering holiday with working on new healthy menu for our holiday family get togethers here Atlanta Yaaas, holiday has been authorised. Home from 23rd dec - 4th jan. Excited already! Need to book me some cheap train tickets. I feel so alone on here. on holiday i'm guessing? Can you get in on that Holiday Inn Express breakfast bar? Holiday Promotions r in full swing. Have you looking for corp. gifts, holiday cards, employee gifts? We'll help!! omg!! there is something wrong with meeee! dah jewish holiday!!! Actuall back the fuck off. My mum doesn't even know what hair my length's been. "On holiday it was a bob" I HAVE NEVER HAD A BOB. New blog post: Robonica Roboni-i rolling robot takes aim at WowWee, holiday shoppers i can't wait for october!! Halloween is the best holiday EVER. H&M heats up the 2009 Holiday Season! M.J.B.The One,A.B.S.Oooh This Love Is So&Only You,Howard Hewett This Love Is Forever,and J.Holiday's Forever Aint Enough South Littleton holiday cottages, Blairgowrie Autumn offer, 10% discount on full week bookings until 19th Dec. This week's Standing Committee meetings are moved to Wednesday, Sept. 30, because of the Yom Kippur holiday. Glad you had a good time, sounded like you were in need of holiday, I'm happy it worked out...your Chargers barely pulled it out. very cool GU Energy Labs announces two new holiday flavors - a of proceeds to benefit CAF! Retailfoward predicts this Holiday will be the 2nd worst in 42 Years. ... well Humbug to u, buddy ;-] Can Santa give you a new car this holiday? I think NOT! I believe this one can & BOOST your sales in 3 months. ==> It's never too early to planning your holiday Call 414.563.4073 for more information on our hotel Just added BEARPAW to our Holiday Gift Have u grabbed r button yet? Holiday Forecasts Hold Out Some Hope - Just worked out exactly how much we spent on holiday. Suffice to say, October is going to be a quiet month in the I'Anson household! No dance class for me tonight :( Didn't realize it was closed for the holiday Heading out of the office pretty soon for 2 days of offsite training. Offsite= the Holiday Inn a mile down the road from the office. have a super holiday xxxx Palins_Pal recommends Holiday Inn Valencia (Valencia, Spain) Yay! Editing The Dickens w/ Love by Josh Lanyon.editing 3 xmas stories this yr. Y'all are in for srsly good holiday reads off to Hawaii Friday for the HOG Rally and holiday....catch you mid October Planning for the holiday retail season Today is Merengue Monday (and Angelos proclaimed holiday). Here is a mix to join Get your products online before the holiday buying season! When returning from holiday abroad claim asylum to get a free house, car and money. Ah holiday eating. Overstuffed in half the time. My belly needs it's own zipper or self-deflating big red button Hope you're due a holiday.... I've learnt to be absent in spirit until the day's over. Ur so lucky. I'd give anything not to have spent my holiday writing about 1984 :(:(:( what holiday? and did u get my tweet about not on here? lol I wish every day could be a Jewish holiday. Yes, it does. I thank for the wonderful holiday known as hope you have a great holiday In bed watching happy holiday its fkn funny btw! New low entry fee. Make money now with the upcoming holiday season, greeting cards and gifts
.____. *tries to mime* i <3? You? :D o.o who's Huh? Did I miss something? ;; but my high tops what would i wear? want me to ask what gpa you need to get into pharmacy? where do you go to school at?
Just did figure 8's and doughnuts in the grass with a rideing lawn mower.... Sweet - Hey Jesse! R you racin' this big mower? Tweeting from my riding lawn mower - the new mower, buy yours now!!! lol I love the smell of fresh-cut grass, but hate the loud noise of lawn mowers. Time to invent silent lawn mower? Walker Lawn Mowers: Does Anyone Have The Belt Diagram For A Yard Machine Riding Mower? Walker Lawn Mowers: Why Would My Lawn Mower Somke Aroud The Gas Tank? For Sale: Washer, Electric Dryer, and Push Mower (Springfield, IL) $1: Wanting a washer,.. For Sale: Wanted: Push Mower (Springfield, IL) $1: Wanted a push mower for up to hundred.. Headed over to Home Depot to buy a mower. Father-in-law told me that's specifically what he gave me $$ for. I'm on it! - the new mower, buy yours now!!! lol Lawn mower accident claims life of area man - see info in today's Guard. Actually, the "modified push lawn-mower" would be my choice. time to head to the ponderosa and work on the mower, grass is getting mighty tall. It's true, we *are* well-dressed. there is drinking in the office again. I work at Sterling Cooper, sans the riding mower. I don't think he could a lawn mower. Stupid grass. Who gave you permission to grow that high just because it rained a lot? The penalty for your offense is death by lawn mower! Few hours on my grandparents riding lawn mower and now the lawn is mowed Gotta go get gas for the mower. Boss made it sound like I could blow up in the process. Can't wait! Free mower/bed/oven (Bethlehem): I have a free queen matress and box spring, about 10 years old, still comfy, d.. there is drinking in the office again. I work at Sterling Cooper, sans the riding mower and office doors. And, you know, blatant inequity. BOLO AAM, white red sweatpants driving W on McPherson in older Dodge truck (maybe Dakota) w/ lawn mower in bed- 911 called Essential Tips in Picking a Riding Lawm Mower: My day just got better - Lawn mower dude just came to cut down the jungle in the back yard... thank the Lord for small things! Someone from a lawn mowing service just called, no voicemail, strange. My lawn mower is working just fine I think! "Basic Points in Choosing a Ride-On Lawn Mower" Was gonna say "jump on the gives new meaning 2 the term, "riding mower";) vroom vroom lmao. ...niggas in my hood would laugh at me if they catch me pushin a lawn mower One simple word... mower gives new meaning to the term, "riding mower"...;) Teehee, better than wrangling the lawn mower all over the yard ^.~ I'll be your mower. Is that ok?...lol LMAO gr8. I just told sum1 I was gunna force myself on the mower. Wnder if they'll misinterpret. A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing and the lawn mower is broken. :) Hey GWA peeps. Anyone get any lawn photos at the Fiskar's Lawn mower event at ? I desperately need a few ASAP. Sunday it's get ready for the family (15 for lunch!) and the Packer game. Oh yeah, I drove the riding mower into the water hazard on LMFAO Great day today Justin fucks up the bosses lawn blows up the lawn mower and allmost blinds very funny day. Lol Please check out our solar power Joe O'Brien sign at Tatnuck Square; intersection of Pleasant/Chandler and Mower St. Today I have been listening to the new Mower album. It came out in July. I'm really getting into it. Its remember when moment... Remember when 3 bucks got you a half a tank of gas? It doesn't fill the lawn mower can now! "One minute you're on top of the world, the next minute some secretary is running you over with a lawn mower." Day of fixing things. Car electric window, drive belt on sit-on mower. A man fufilling his traditional role. Job done, now time for a beer. Anyone else getting weird emails asking to buy a remote control mower from you? Want a free lawn mower? Come to 63rd and harlem RIGHT NOW. New DOLMAR Dealer - Boyds Mower Service in Somerdale, OH. I got a drive kit for the lawnmower in the mail today! I should have the mower up and running later. What could go wrong? OMG! Now the show is over. What in the hell? the lawn mower gets the guys foot and the little girl thinks her brother is her grandpa...
i have somehow have like 15 grandparents...my lineage has never really been properly explained to me. collect his awards. so i guess Kelz can't come to soul train awards anymore b/c his Chicago roots reflect his lineage in... bomba: vai hackear o lineage! Seen suggestions that Jesus spent his "lost" years learning from Buddhists in Egypt. Is that what you mean by "lineage"? you can't draw lineage from soul patches! Kalari's senior teacher in the Western lineage is coming to SLC this weekend. Details at (via Kalari's senior teacher in the Western lineage is coming to SLC this weekend. Details on our website... Yeah that's what happens when you force breed dogs with a lineage of health problems, respiratory, tracheal, and otherwise. Getting ready for Dorothy Hunts' visit to Aurora Ont. Satsang & silent retreat, witha teacher in Adyashanti's anybody here play lineage played Lineage II yesterday Had a seasoned EE - hardware - telecomm, nice lineage, send me his resume (from DFW) - need one? Message me - FREE A free Iran means a PPL educated, a PPL who know her history & her struggles.A PPL who take pride in her lineage,her grandeur. A free Iran means a PPL educated, a PPL who know her history & her struggles.A PPL who take pride in her lineage,her grandeur. Well Jesus and the apostles were in the lineage of Buddha. or something like that. Because when the son's of God began to marry the daughters of Nebula, a demi-god lineage of ppl was created. And HELL NO!!!!!!....its a disgrace, the Jordan Lineage stops at 23 Like it should.... Kotaku That seems like a long time to wait in order to play Lineage 2.5... I mean Aion. --jvZ Supposedly, I come from "Black Irish" lineage which, if true, means I have some type of Arab blood going back .... Lineage Power welcomes Coldwatt and Bell Labs vet Allen Rozman to management staff: I think of being able to claim any aspect of "privilege" in whiteness is being able to trace that lineage, 1 or 2 gens removed. liz sidoti named to one of the top chairs in journalism, ap natinl political writer. the lineage: mears, king ... Liz Sidoti named to one of the top chairs in journalism, AP natinl political writer. The lineage: Mears, King, Fournier Liz Sidoti has been named to one of the top chairs in journalism, AP political writer. The lineage: Mears, King, Fournier (via Liz Sidoti has been named to one of top chairs in journalism, AP national political writer. The lineage: Mears, King, Fournier Liz Sidoti named one of the top chairs in journalism, AP national political writer. The lineage: Mears, King, Fournier (h/t) Liz Sidoti named to one of the top chairs in journalism, AP natinl political writer. The lineage: Mears, King, Fournier BREAKING: Liz Sidoti has been named to one of the top chairs in journalism, AP national political writer. The lineage: Mears, King, Fournier people don't catch my eye as stick is the girl<~& so we found jim crowes black lineage OMG, one tweet mentioning Lineage and suddenly I find all kinds of tweets urging me to play some other schlocky MMO. I'll pass, thanks. System Center Forum: Blog: OpsMgr 2007 - Exploring Class Lineage in Powershell: 4 &nda.. New Lineage II Adena - Something To Be Excited About New blog post: Lineage II Adena - Something To Be Excited About New blog post: Lineage II Adena - Something To Be Excited About New Lineage II Adena - Something To Be Excited About Lineage II Adena - Go Out There And Make You Some Adena! - News Lineage II Adena - Go Out There And Make You Some Adena! Aussie day time tv...oh my. BUT thank you Jesus for Francine Rivers' 'A Lineage of Grace'!! Such an amazing read :) Trying to figure out my family's lineage. Not getting anywhere with my name. he olwes ol lineage allday n all d time, grrrr,,,, lineage, think it was cuz of battle. Allaah hates arrogance (not arrogance on Prophet sal Allaahu alayhi wa sallam I hope I am wrong too. Just use Lineage 2 for an example. Beck and SM were the first in which I recognized it, but there's this whole lineage of gangly, funny-sounding dudes.... Would any ordered group of fae want a rogue fairy with no lineage? Well we are not "married" but my lineage is royalty and powerful so I wouldn't belong to her. It depends on a few things... Never played lineage, so that doesn't mean much to me reflect the lineage it's a unsimply, hard struggle eyaang aaaaaaa
Filmmaker "Los Angeles is one of the heaviest hit of all major cities in the Western United States by hunger and homelessness." I saw Walking the Dead as a sensible solution to the druggie homelessness problem this country faces. If U R making financial gain on a product that shines a light on homelessness, should U donate a Homeless doll Join us Friday, 10/2 at MassBay Community College for a conversation on ending family homelessness in MetroWest. Conn. Homelessness Numbers Down Slightly: Every January volunteers from across Connecticut spread out across th.. Facing budget cuts, the Los Angeles Youth Network needs donations to end youth homelessness in LA Homelessness or living with my sister...decisions, decisions. She'll be moving in w/ ME... Learn more about issues of homelessness and addiction recovery. Saturday, October 3, 8:30 AM-2:00 PM. Homelessness hates black people. ...HOMELESSNESS DOESN'T EVEN CARE IF YOU'RE ASLEEP. It strikes in the night. Homelessness or living with my sister...decisions, decisions. Homelessness is and isn't what you think. Here's a rough 101. (by Rogers Park family still facing eviction and homelessness. Can you help? This might help is trying to punch out a paper on the healthcare-homelessness connection is trying to punch out a paper on the healthcare-homelessness connection and staring at the west wing for motivation/inspiration. Learn more about issues of homelessness and addiction recovery. Saturday, October 3, 8:30 AM-2:00 PM. Rogers Park orphans still facing eviction and homelessness. Can you help? Have you scratched them off yet? If you didn't win homelessness is always an option! thanks! looks like a great & much needed org yet does not seem to deal w/ homelessness Listen to Cathy ten Broeke on MPRs Midmorning tmrw @ 9am, discussing stimulus, economy & Cathy ten Broeke-MPLS/Henn.Co. Coordinator to End MPRs Midmorning tmrw @ 9am 2 discuss stimulus, economy, & homelessness! ....Zambo would be homeless :( And she is too cute for homelessness. Sad times. CSULB senior has received a $3k scholarship after childhood brushes with homelessness Moving from offering a response to veteran homelessness to offering a permanent affordable solution. Gates Foundation CEO says we should tackle homelessness not as charity but as an investment in the future - A CSULB senior has received a $3k scholarship after childhood brushes with and homelessness Just finished an awesome PoCo Homelessness meeting and need to finish the website & first an 8km run. raising funds 4 kids who might be experiencin abuse, disability, homelessness or illness. PLS Hi, I'd love to speak with you about a documentary I'm putting together on homelessness. Please follow and DM me for more info!! Hey, I'd love to speak with you about a documentary I'm putting together on homelessness. Please follow and DM me for info! There is no "freedom" if you are sick and cannot access a doctor. There is no "freedom" if hunger, homelessness, and joblessness persist. or undercover 3rd world city? Free range rats, chemicals in water, homelessness, 8% unemployment-just under MI & CA What's up? 2016 Olympics would be great but the focus is gone from real issues: crime, education, healthcare, homelessness, unemployment. Channel 8s Coverage of the Best Practices Conference 2009 and Homelessness Rates in Richmond We care: annual Halifax housing week from Community Action on Homelessness Did U know that Washington state is home to our work in early learning, family homelessness... Compelling CNN story on female military veterans, increased rate of homelessness, trauma reactions The countdown to homelessness/living like ryu is on 8. Crunch time! getting rid of 60-70% of my clothes selling whatever I can! holla at me! Please watch Yong's are all possibly just one tragedy away from homelessness... not much more than a bit of a twist on simple homelessness, a compelling favela (some choose the tunnels)
Surge in global IPO activity in Q3 2009 - An inflection point? - Yeah the inflection in that sentence was disastrously wrong. Wtf would someone say it like that? Hahahaha, my 2-year-old daughter just said, "Dude, is that dog puke?" Correct inflection of loathing & everything. What up, Monday morning windstorm? I see you. You ain't all that though. (read w/ ghetto inflection) Inflection point: Build for Higher Density or Plan for Efficient IT? Inflation, Deflation or Economic Growth? Markets Will Answer Soon: Markets are at an inflection point.. We just posted: Inflection point: Build for Higher Density or Plan for Efficient IT? Inflection point: Build for Higher Density or Plan for Efficient IT? who will say "kittykittykittykittykitty" w/a downward inflection if I go home? How will she live? Stupid animals breaking our Keyshia knew exactly what the interviewer said..her tone inflection of "WHO" is indicative of like who is that? I am fine- loved the quote because it is so true! Friends pay attn. to inflection. How are you tonight? The word of the day in our house: "WHY?" And the inflection is interesting, of "W-Hiiii?!" With a raise at the end. 3 is funny. Uh... you mean the grave accent that's a mark to denote inflection? What are you talkin' 'bout, Willis? hold you up to the flames and what do i get for my payayayaaain? (haha donnie. nice inflection) Your sarcasm needs more voice inflection for some women *cough* me *cough*, to understand. Was I supposed to be blond? Hmmm... "What you did to HIM?" lol...I think the inflection was the funniest thing! SEACOM cable internet in Africa 90% cheaper than satellite Might this be an inflection point for a millions of Africans now off the grid? HAS THE MARKET REACHED AN INFLECTION POINT OR IS THE BULL JUST TAKING A BREATHER?: * All information on this we.. Why, besides, of course, the obvious loss of inflection? Isn't this what everyone thought about facebook and myspace? $INTC SSD adoption about to hit inflection point? 4 yr old is on a roll. I just overheard him saying "What the Hell!?!?" Totally nailed the inflection, too. Guess speech therapy is working. Yes it did. Mine would make more sense if I could type inflection. Maybe < evil > ... < /evil > tags? Nanotech News: Have We Reached an Inflection Point? (Indie Research via Yahoo! Finance) Umm Someone just called me a tall drink of water, what the heck does that mean??? Is it good or bad? The inflection implied it's good. Continuous curve with infinite slope but no inflection point? Sounds kinky. No? -- I disagree. The question mark MAKES it a question. Just like, when speaking, the inflection of voice implies a question. BAM! Female? Don't let your voice inflection go up at end of sentences. It sounds like you don't know what you're talking about. Female? Don't let your voice inflection go up at the end of your sentences. It sounds like you don't know what you're talking about. End points are defined by rotation. Rotation endpoints create inflection. Inflection is the true point of eccentricity. Do you agree? Is that an impression of a Scottish accent? I hope there's an upward inflection in the middle. just made a cup of cocoa w/o officially acknowledging a seasonal inflection point. is that so wrong? Whhhhhhaaaaaaatt!!??!! (Too bad you can't hear the inflection...)
plus Texas period is a Football state Spirit Assembly was sooo fun ! Haha. We missed last period for it (: It was great. On the bus there are 2 studs...1 had facial hair and the other just hair on her underpits...that is nasty period oh hun, my mind is FULL of distractions when i write. but it will take you out of the world for that small period of time My sentiments exactly! Pickin n choosing causes when they're all Violence is violence period! *smh* Im so out of it. I feel my period coming.. Ugh. nope. Leggings are not pants period, but ESPECIALLY if you're over 50. when u crying over a man who don't want u!- if he don't want u period Why doesn't insist David Vitter resign? He admitted to involvement with a PROSTITUTE. OUT. Period. and the time period doesnt diminish the offence, he did the crime so he should do the time!! It seems like the show has a very life-cycle, though. What happens after that future time period's lapsed :P math monday for period 4. gosh, im addicted to twitter. I've been so out of the scoop since I've moved. *** I'm actually just straying away from media period. I think it's a good thing.. to niggas of my caliber im ji behind, but to niggas period, im damn near in front of the line today was a good day just not 7th period y do dr's take hella long PERIOD!? i waited 20 mins in the room listening to the dr. chatting/jokin it up w/the nurses! matta fact make that skinny jeans period. if ur jeans r tighter than mine then theas a BIG PROBLEM... Series Preview: Rangers at Angels: There was about a ten minute period Sunday afternoon when it looked as thoug.. They still havin this FUCKIN "PERIOD Convo" I really don't need to hear this!!! But these niggas is so fuckin inconsiderate!!!!!! is in shitty 7th period with a boner. imagine the fire alarm goes iff period 2 hahaha ;) I'm good :) cutest puppy on 7 f'n 7 day waiting period :( No, just lots of happy women, on their period - ha ads removed from reality again. I colored my hair w/ allnatural henna.I left it on 4 a period of time...it's lighter.So I never left it on that The heavens just poured down over wake forest for like 5 minutes...now its sunny and clear. Mother nature must be on her period...smh matt his period. aw. 4th period bores me On the bus feel sick fell asleep in 6th period haha is spending a post vacation rehabilitation period for few days in dubai at his friend's place In 6th period like hell Dear Chris Matthews: a 13-year old is neither "a woman" nor "a girl, if you will." She's just a girl. Period.// Die! 6th Period Ginang Oliva's Tagalog class is crakcin'. Him:damn u sexy for a dark skin girl Me: nigga im sexy period A Tribe Called Quest- Midnight (Maybe my favorite ATCQ song period) Gear keeps getting stolen all over the place. Never leave gear unattended. Period. No Excuses. Tampax ad says 'Have a Happy Period' - THERE'S NO SUCH THING YOU IDIOTS - clearly they don't understand women and overestimate their product Ultra Petroleum remains in an uptrend : Filed under: Stocks to Buy Oil could record a sluggish six-month period.. I don't know about that. Not really a big Jake fan period. "While many attempts have been made to define what's the point really. Jazz is to be experienced - period." tALOfA.. bOREDD.. iTS PERiOD 4... -----> GEt Attt ME.. ... (cont) mum, I moreso want to be far away from him and not care an inch. I don't like him, period. He's an ass. I just wanna get out of here. Oh drama. What a poductive period. I HATEEE 6TH PERIOD. Where i live in sicily there are a lot of sitings of ufo's in this period especially near mount etna.have you ever visited? threats of violence should not be tolerated. PERIOD- to Anyone //Agreed, except against terrorists. during this period, my breakdowns included my car, iphone, garbage disposal, and camera, to name a few. Can you say ARGH? so i'm not sure what would be best... I would rather not take a benzo period Men's match knotted at 2-2...Ross Danzeisen heads one in at the 38 minute mark of the 1st period. <.>'..... live sucks, period ...
AWWW U NEED A BIG TEDDIE BEAR...IVE BEEN KNOW TO BE ONE..LOL..WHAT TIME U GET OF WORK TODAY Review: Need for Speed: Shift (PS3, Xbox 360) | SmashPad: The Need for Speed series has covered quite a few different types of racing st.. Hiya girls!! You've ben busy!!! LAD doesn't hate you no need to be Trevor & Moira LOL i can't help but cry wen watchin this... we need to change our "reality" as a people.. I need to clean. Ugh well shit I need a girl friend number 2 to do all that <<<TYPICAL MALE! So tired need sleep .... So many emails to send but so sleeeepy! "So requiring that on my insurance policy is something that I don't need and will make the policy more expensive." We've realized that many people have a limited number of q's they need asked before taking the Xtra-plunge, plans-r-in-the-wrks Oh...and you need an updated address on your TZ before you can get a parking pass :) Cool. I'ma need one next thursday. "need to sleep..tomorrow I have things to do" =P( because it's my fave quote of the day) D: oh no! you need more hugs!!! <3 <3 <3 i'm sorry to hear that. but things will be better soon! why do you feel the need to raise your voice every second word, now you know why everyone thinks your the worst VJ Interesting how people say "I'm out of my mind" as though it's a crazy or bad thing. I often have a great need to get out of my mind! My school is holding a police auction tomorrow. Let's see what kind of stupid shit I will buy XD I do need a bike tho I just got soaked in the rain. I walked..no need to run. I'm still gonna get wet. Why do ppl run in the rain anyway? hey the homie says she need to get on our level DAMN I NEED TO HIT THE MOVIES GET ME SOME NACHOS PREACH! needs to leak already oh my god, I need it in my life. Indication I still need 2 grow: something that angered me when I was 10 still gets 2 me. THE WAIT IS ALMOST OVER!!! NEW ALBUM: FLIGHT 360 HIT STORES TOMORROW!!! YALL DEF NEED TO COP THAT!!! Shit is dope! (via || See this shit is the shit we need to be reforming & focusing on, not Govt BS "I don't need maternity care," Kyl said. On my way to therapy I need that good o massage!! its rainin..it looks like its 10 at nite and its only 530...ugh im bored need a friend yayyyyyyy :) im here to talk whenever you need to <33 well ive been doing homework nonstop and theres still more to go, garhhhh. but first need to record WILTY cos charlie brooker is on :D Flash for my 5 page website by erngone: Site has flash but I need to make changes by adding some images and tex.. i just dont know! :L yeahh, you need to. youd well enjoy it xD haha is right. You need cheese. Steve Bazewicz has convinced me that I really need to learn more about and share more on Twitter - so I will! And so it begins... i need to have some yami todayyyyyyyyyyyyyy. Niggaz really need to chill wit dis fightin shit ive seen the video and brought a tear to my eye R.I.P TakeThat & Robbie Williams.Please don't go there.They're too good for him.They don't need him.Send him packing.Say goodbye. read my dm Girly!! Sounds like u need fondue @ ladies night tonight!! ;) just come out geeez!!! hate life right now.. i need to disappear.. looks like its going to be a busy week.. well at least monday is over need a mockup design by urzevel: In need of a mockup design if the design gets approved by the client I will ne.. - Giuseppi Zanotti $1150....please...I need now;) CHICAGO IS A DANGEROUS STATE NOW...WE NEED EVERY1 TO HELP! looking good, now you just need 3 more =) snuggles are in need I am blowing off all workouts this week because I am so busy. Not good. Need balance in my life please send help need a promo video?leave a message behind at DjTiina@live.nl Tyler, you need to come to Iowa, asap! I need to see you live!!!!!! Hollyoaks Later really is tripe. Oh well, am up early tomorrow so need to sleepss. i rekon youl need to winch your teacher or somthing so they wont be mad haha come on Miss. 773 you need to catch up, or am I tweeting too much?
Even more objectionably, they advocate actually FINISHING the job when you going after the evil bad guy... apparently I flagged my zuzu girl blog as having "objectionably content" and I can't unflag it cause the header is gone. anyone done this?
I feel so educated with Stevens history. I've been printing out facts for the past hour and a half now. Teens: Internet safety & Internet predators Be educated, Oct Nat'l CyberSafety Month Wonder why under-educated kids are so dumber than shit. Purchasing an REO can be pleasant as long as you are educated going into the transaction. Study says older more educated couples are less likely to divorce. Marry Late for Lasting Love thanks I thought I gave him an educated answer also but you know how is... Lol ..it just ain't. Really, the networks need to higher more educated negroes, but god forbid they do that. Or the pundits need... seriously, it was really that good! Very profound, very resourceful and educated. U did ur research, said what God said, wonderful! damn u fuckin up our weekends smh::would rather me a head than a educated one lol Link??? No one who is properly educated on the issue would favor a Government-Run Option... I'd like to see the poll data... looking for an educated fake wife to go with you to that there gorgeous island retreat?? Young flock to communist - Young, well-educated Chinese are increasingly joining the Communist C... Say what you want about I know I said a few things jokingly. But he is a pretty educated dude. it's funny cause I'm actually Hispanic, and probably more educated in he world than their sheltered college dorm asses are wooo proof that I am educated just arrived in the mail! Was awesome! We r educated now then lol! not really, but im realy pissed off at getting educated right now. keeping educated, maintaing my grades... meanwhile drinking since im now of age! haha I know they were ignorant to it which is why I educated them New chat model: Aha - I love when man direct me well and make me explode with pleasures... fun and educated .. What kind of a fucked up 18 year old doesn't know what dnb stands for? A privatly educated one I'm guessing! Food show idea: educated, well-spoken California girl explores the cuisine of the bayous and backwoods of the south!! Well, it's free (for life) to sign up and try: So you can make an educated decision. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Are atheists better educated? god knows! Anybody who has educated knowledge on the body knows wassup, ur opinion means little to nothing. lmfao hush im fully educated Muslim women discuss true meaning of Islam- More Americans need to be educated on Would we have been better off educated in classrooms w black teachers and peers? -- No one cares more about us than our own Witty inspirations are the proverbs of the educated. (Friedrich Von Schlegel) Well I just drove by a racist comment sprayed on a wall and the context of the un educated statment is to horrific for me to put on twitter If you spell "Bored" like this "Board" U need to be slapped and re-educated...fefe would do sum'n like dat.She's a dumb hoe! ppl need 2 be made aware. U kno & I kno. But there's a world of ppl tht dnt kno & they need 2 be educated Are atheists better educated? Are atheists better educated? I love when man direct me well and make me explode with pleasures... fun and educated and sexy nice man .. [General] Getting Educated About Education - /#nonprofit/ - President Clinton convened ... Are atheists better educated? Informed and educated clients make better buying decisions, and as a result, completely enjoy the remodeling experience. NPR/Yale: Highly educated black women are 2x as likely to have never married by 45 as white women with similar education. wow that's wassup 4 real so many nggas lack the drive to b so educated and goal oriented I'm luvn ur motivation Darkness 2 Light: Stewards of Children workshops are about to Become educated & empowered to protect our children from sexual abuse. LMAO at least they are educated in decency unlike yourself ROFL apparently their education is better than the one you got It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to a thought without accepting it. -Aristotle lol maybe I'm drooling over her cause she educated. The more educated you are, the less likely you are to vote for Stupid is, as stupid does. For christ sakes Huff Post, "Getting Educated About Education", by...Jessica Alba.
When I grow up, I want to be a hypotenuse. the length of the hypotenuse of a right triangle is 12 yards. the other two sides are equal in length .find th Someone just searched for ' Hypotenuse ', here are the top tweeters: SOHCAHTOA, SIN is Opposite/Hypotenuse, COS is Adjacent/Hypotenuse, and Tan is Opposite/Adjacent i hope its n ot the flue i hope you get better soon TRIANGLE is complete. Been in bed all day feeling rotten :( everything even my eyebrows With many cheerful facts about the square and the hypotenuse~ Sitting waiting for my kashmiri korma. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. What, you couldn't use the hypotenuse of the cutting board? Find the length of segment BD with AB is congruent to BC in two triangles that share one side. The hypotenuse The hypotenuse of a 30-60-90 triangle measures 10 units. Find the length of the side opposite the 60 degree an In trianle ABC, with BD as the altitude to the hypotenuse, AB = 5m and AD = 4m. How long is AC? ''we are the hypotenuse. wow i cant believe i just said that, fuck my life.'' -kimber :) Car back to the garage today for two cv joints. Pros - stop the annoyjng clicky noise. Cons - have to pay for it. n a right triangle the legs are related as 3 : 2 and the altitude divides the hypotenuse into segments one of Major pineapple and faster than a hypotenuse. just prograed something to find the hypotenuse of a triangle You just straighten one leg, straighten the other leg, clap your hands and you're dancing the hypotenuse! It's all in the hips really. Morning already. Been conscious for half an hour but still can't open my eyes enough to put contacts in :( A squared b squared = c squared. C is the hypotenuse Favorite meeting quote from today: "It's my hypotenuse that the problem is due to the coats." And no, it didn't make more sense in context. One leg of a right triangle is 7 cm longer than the other leg. The hypotenuse is 1 cm longer than the longer l spiders seem to be popular-- I wonder why that is. They're not the only ones that crawl around and bite. The Pythagorean theorem: The sum of the areas of the two squares on the legs (a and b) equals the area of the square on the hypotenuse (c). The Pythagorean theorem: The sum of the areas of the two squares on the legs (a and b) equals the area of the square on the hypotenuse (c). heights, spiders and clowns terrify me - as well as any combination of them :) /shiver josh says you divide 180 by whatever pi is divided by and then thats theta. the hypotenuse is always 1. What is the length of the hypotenuse of the right triangle ABC if AC=6 and AD=5? remarks at the abbas-netanyahu trilateral... is obama the hypotenuse? remarks at the abbas-netanyahu trilateral... is obama the hypotenuse? MATH 116: I thought my TA was saying It was "hypotenuse." I liked the first one better. Maybe the pythagoras of the hypotenuse in the radius of 600 metres is the same as 22 emphacisions. call ur mom and argue about how to get the hypotenuse or sumthin LMFAOO call ur mom and argue about how to get the hypotenuse or sumthin Sad Fact of Life : There is no such thing as a right triangle whose hypotenuse is smaller than one of its sides.
Finally decided to pay TellTale Games as a token of :P
don't think it would help. this is a weird tendon/musculature thing. I'd have to work on the underlying musculature, first... I want a lot to look at, no musculature of the dim "But at other times he detected the beginnings of wisdom in her eyes, in the solid musculature of her..." My history teacher just said Sacks of Nuts Theory at a nude image. Sacks of nuts is referring to the musculature. Not genitallia lol injuries are inevitable when limitless determination in a competitive environment surpasses the limitation of skeletal musculature ;) the musculature and cubic volume of the also plays a definitive role Actually, and this is funny, I thought his forearm musculature violated human anatomy. Didn't notice the finger issue! Genetic SNP variations between individuals may account for the differences in musculature and athletic capabilities between people..Studies Climber guys have the best musculature. 'This is mimesis as musculature. This is text as flesh.' is emotive actually using brain waves, electrical impulses in skin (via biofeedback) or reading faint musculature changes? Taylor Lautner exhibe sa musculature dans New Moon. Photo "Dutch crunch" is also a term used by abdominal musculature enthusiasts to refer to a poorly executed sit-up. have u done any cross friction to his elbow musculature? Ionto works well also followed by ice massage
The new site is an unmitigated disaster. Please back to the old one! Oh Apple, you really have lived up to expectations with iTunes 9.0.1. What an unmitigated piece of crap. Thanks for borking my library. My mother is an unmitigated idiot. There are 9 people. She wants us all to cram 'round a table built for four. You do the maths. "I'm been the most unmitigated and comprehensive ass" sounds so much cooler than "i messed up" Watched a doco on the Bush years. Uncontrollable spending, no discipline, no accountability - unmitigated disgrace. Have reached stage where I'm convinced every word I write is unmitigated poopy. Right on schedule. Unmitigated Gaul. Roman Polanski finally gets nabbed 4 stat rape of 13yo when he was shudder 45 n the French who harboured him cry unfair?? Wow. *winces* Re-read the last few pages I wrote last night. Um ... yeah. Sleep dep writing = Unmitigated Tripe. *is rewriting* is going to OWN the federal rules of civil procedure using nothing but raw, unmitigated determination, and copious amounts of coffee. have you seen torvalds speak? he's such an unmitigated jackass. i bet his personal acct actually has more permissions than root Oh I see from the news that Queen's Homecoming was another unmitigated disaster full of arrests. Effing losers. P.S Our President may be an unmitigated asshat with his absurd 'chastising' of batshit Iran, but Israel doesn't have that luxury. FIREWORKS! The unmitigated gall of Liberals: Indoctrinating YOUR children to THEIR political agenda! This is sometimes called sedition. This is an unmitigated disaster. Tagliatelle alla Papalina with crack bacon is unmitigated success. I halved the recipe, though it me physically to do so. *rolls sleeves* Obama and his socialist band of O-holes have been an unmitigated disaster for America and the free world! Obama and his socialist band of O-holes have been an unmitigated disaster for America and the free world! This Cal game is an unmitigated nightmare (7)LSU survives only due to the unmitigated incompetence of the Mississippi State coaching staff. New X-Factor format is a *total* unmitigated disaster. Kind of beats celebrity dancing though: that really is a crap concept. Is it not? Megan Fox and U2 on SNL tonight ______ This will brilliant or an unmitigated disaster. Taking usual "quick route" to game on Trinity Street = unmitigated disaster. The unmitigated gall of Liberals: Indoctrinating YOUR children to THEIR political agenda! This is sometimes called sedition. best healthcare money can buy, bought and paid for by US taxpayers (maternity care included) and you have the unmitigated gall to suggest Could you imagine the unmitigated horror of me in thigh-high p*rn boots? Just rediscovered the unmitigated goofiness of "Ask a Ninja". I encourage all of you to google the masked one. UNMITIGATED WOW!: Libyan Dictator Colonel Moamer Khadafy Duck's moronic, over-extended ramblings, causes his trans... Note to Self: never ever try to make banana bread in bread machine. Unmitigated disaster: New is up folks! Click here for unmitigated pleasure: I don't think I've expressed my unmitigated hatred of hospitals lately. Let me do so now: GRAAAAAAGH! Perhaps we are just a stepping stone on Hussein's road to World Emperor. Let's see how far unmitigated gall, arrogance, and pride get him. Wonkette : Here Is Another Video Of Your Favorite Glenn Beck, Doing Something! Unmitigated asshole. That's the best thing about the movie. Unmitigated Punjewness is preferred to limitless Bongness in any case. The unmitigated gall really isn't a good look for you. Nor is it recommended in your job. Sleeping with my window open: unmitigated disaster. My window faces the parking lot. Ugh. what a great country we have that an unmitigated idiot like Bachmann gets on TeeVee to spout her insanity Video: More proof, if any was needed, that Glenn Beck is pure, unmitigated, and unrepentant evil. Things I've noticed about Las Vegas ironic facial hair=calf tattoo=ed hardy items=unmitigated douchebaggery. Act 1 was an unmitigated success if for no other reason than that the audience loves my music New post Count Packula is EVIL: The unmitigated evil of Count Packula, Prince o.. wow. i never realized how downright merry open, seething, unmitigated, undeserved hostility is. fun for the whole family, really. *does happy back flips of unmitigated joy* How dare you! The unmitigated gall! -stomps off- Today's social experiment of smiling manically at random people on the train has been an unmitigated success. For the unethical usurper of an imprisoned and country to lecture the free world about government is unmitigated gall The journey is interesting that is for of and the need for immediate unmitigated obedience
Can i be really cheeky and ask why does the man not marry you.....? honestly! You clearly both love one another. It's puzzling. Its a little puzzling as to why the signs that tell you when to walk are necessary. My mom taught me, when a car is coming dont walk. Simple Thoroughly enjoyed Flash Forward.Puzzling over whether Penelope from Lost (the actress's) real accent is American or English. Looks like we might be getting some more puzzle questing action...from the masters of puzzling and of questing! Pleased to meet you! Hope you guessed my name. But what's puzzling you is the nature of my game, oh yeah, get down, baby No, just a bit puzzling :D Henry In The Puzzling Adventure I kinda love reading contracts & looking for things to negotiate & I like puzzling out crazy e-book & out of print clauses. wait it gets good & puzzling at the end!! also, last week I had a dream that you were my landlord and guide in a puzzling, maze-like castle-house. It was fantastic. Tryin to figure out why I am gettin emails from ppl I don't know who want a "relationship" with me. Not FB or Twitter either. Puzzling! You know i would have had a MUCH more enjoyable time at the drive in if we were puzzling...although i did enjoy my back massage. That's what's puzzling me! Nowadays, I have to pee like every 30 minutes! LOL But I probably drink much more, too! more puzzling lyrics: "mul of kintyre". I thought it was "my love can't tire" for a very long time Why have Wiley-Blackwell sent me a special issue e-journal on DINOSAUR ANATOMY? Kind of awesome, but puzzling. That's so ineffective that it's puzzling. Steve called this movie poster the worst ever made: On page 160 of 509 of The Lost Symbol. So far the answers the to puzzling puzzles seems pretty obvious. The self immolation for the sake of ratings is puzzling; his brand of hate is bad for America. Bollywood Common factors of Ajay Devgan &amp; Ranbir Kapoor: It&#8217;s really puzzling to spo.. watched Rashomon four times and still come out puzzling out of the theatre... tryin to recall stories Puzzling ancient trying out Destroy Twitter. My first foray into a downloadable Twitter app. Still puzzling it out. it really throws me off when men act shy towards me.. like.. how could i make someone shy or intimidate someone? i dont get it!? puzzling.. Are you Fancy With C ? I just finished working through a problem so puzzling it warranted its own post! Read it here: puzzling over what to teach your pre-schooler next? Maze Man 2: Just when he thought it was safe, Maze Man landed in a new series of puzzling maze challenges. Your tweets are a a puzzling combination of pseudo philosopher and stereotypical college male. Trying to gather my thoughts but somehow the thoughts won't let me - puzzling Wondering how a TEAM of PRO players can only get 1 first down? Thats just puzzling. Writing this weeks' newsletter...why would someone with a buy investments instead of paying an extra month on Puzzling "Puzzling Food Labels" by in Eating & Exercise Tips! Health Headlines. MAID: Where's the love?: Spin-down not a front-line requirement, for now Why don't UK enterprises use MAID? This is puzzling. We live in.. Success of AIDS vaccine puzzles scientists: But even the basic results have left scientists puzzling over the v.. Are you on the road? Remember - no tweeting while motorcycling. Texting, reading, shaving, crossword puzzling, maybe. My uncle likes sci-fi films, but not Star Wars, and not Star Trek. I find this kind of puzzling. They're so *fun.* Re: RNS - Sidetrack ( AST.L): Good news but only makes LGO's negative comments on PEN-104 last week the more puzzling. They must have kn.. My laundrey room smells exactly like peanut butter. It is quite puzzling. FA have charged West Ham and Millwall over crowd trouble: What's puzzling is it took them this long to 'charge' them. Still puzzling over being verbally abused after using someone's pen. Didn't even take it from their table. What WAS that? I am still puzzling over this. Like, seriously, what the hell? Great Pyrenees x Dachsund= Pyredachs, a most puzzling breed. Puzzling over tonight's Mad Men. Kind of saw what was coming. Regardless... oh,i was puzzling with it,but i just forgot about it Oh by the way, I'm sorry but I still don't get the problem w/Naruto. What exactly is puzzling your brain?? As if that wasn't enough, God showered me with amazing sibs .. This wekend it was clear how we,4 complement each other in puzzling ways How come I wasn't following you? Hmm, puzzling.... from the only pontificator listening to and puzzling over Door Number 3 ---Where I am
Fireworks, SYG, NFG, Home Grown, Copeland, Senses Fail, Piebald, Hot Rod Circuit, The Line. I'M IN A TIME MACHINE! :) he's a mini doxie! Longhair piebald. Piebald - American In an emo mood hey dude, I think the Piebald 7inches might be taken depending on if the guy pays me, but the others are up for grabs! Piebald - we are the only friends that we have, Brand New - Daisy, and Colour Revolt - Self-Titled EP PIEBALD YEARLING COLT - Horse Hunter: Cochise is a lovely natured yearling colt. Has a good amount of feather a.. I want a copy real bad. more than I would want a new piebald album. my friend got knocked out during a piebald show bon jovi cover stage dive thanks! I'm just going to sing piebald and you just finish the lines forever. Listening to piebald barely legal/all ages driving in the rain...so appropriate downloading the piebald ep that I am missing from my collection...but doing it legally this time..crazyyyyy New York: FEMALE WIRE DACHSHUND FOR SALE- RARE EXTREME PIEBALD ( New York City ) $750.00 Piebald is bringing me temporary ooc: piebald "of two different colors," 1589, formed from pie (2) "magpie" bald "spotted, white" (see bald), But what is PIEBALD? Calico and Harlequin? = Piebald? ooc: *snuggles and tucks in* alrighties. Sleep well and may you have a good morning. *gives a piebald plushie* Top 3 weekly Piebald - 124. Dillinger Four - 57. Raekwon - 51. piebald rulesssss Christian (Dachshund - L red piebald) Police 1b (Dachshund - L red piebald) Police 1b (Dachshund - L red piebald) Blasting piebald on the drive back home so I don't fall asleep at the ZzZZzzzzz... cool things I bought today: 1)Piebald 2)Kid Dynamite/Strike Anywhere 3)Paint It Black-Lexicon going for 4)bike bell Oh hey Piebald. I miss you so youtube videos it is. Follow this guy: he has really good stories about piebald Available piebald python ready for any loving and caring home Available piebald python ready for any loving and caring home Feeling nostalgic today: something corporate (freshman year) and piebald (sophmore) to remind me of college. Need me some junior/senior... reeeeeallllyyy likes piebald and flaming lips and writing essays and being sick this is golly good stuff HEY! You're of it! Ricky Sweum - Piebald City - 08:42 AM visit to TAG this song Piebald's "We are the Only Friends We Have" -- Listen to this album, guys & girls. Piebald is one of those bands that a record label would want to change the singer in order to sign them, and i don't blame them my day with some Pink Floyd, Piebald, Pearl Jam, Prefuse 73 and other "P" He hasn't got a beard, manky piebald stubble doesn't count. :-P Ahh, I love ya really! When I listen to Piebald I have to blast it, it can't be listened to anyother way. Music used to be so good. What happened? Ricky Sweum - Piebald City - 08:25 AM visit to TAG this song Aggressive facial has left me looking like a piebald pony. 10 albino ball python and piebald ball python: well lovely and and nice looking ball pythons for adoption they.. Hey@jivedanson remember that time we went to go see Piebald and those jagoffs in Moneen burned the club down and we went home Piebald-less? Man, I forgot how much I liked Piebald. And so she sent Conradus to snatch the babe, not knowing at the time his piebald horse had been stricken with altitude sickness. thank you piebald for making this work day tolerable Just found show I went to on wall of past calendars at Bottom of the Hill. Ozma, piebald 7/14/2003, be there ARLO - Horse Hunter: Arlo is a big heavy weight traditional piebald cob with lots of mane, tail and feather, he .. Piebald - We Are The Only Friends We Have
I offered to make a copies for Nick's class. Now this chick is going overboard cuz they want shit for the whole 2nd grade. Reams Analysing reams of crosstable data for client Listening to npr. Diane reams (sp?) sounds like death was quite intimidated by my first Wiki editing job. But despite the reams of rules and advice it seems to have been straight-forward. to search endless reams of records and still no joy. Perhaps we really do need to go and search through old records OFFline-ie, manually? Morning I am singing a tune help my reams come ru vote 4 me please tell UR followers If you enjoy about but can't do with the reams of here is the solution: HP Office Copy/Laser/Inkjet Paper, 92 Brightness, 20lb, Letter, 500 Sheets Per Ream, 10 Reams Per ($51.64) - Am.. Time for shopping Am lost amidst reams of designer suits :) yep, have a sweet D'reams hehe, night!! has gotten complicated applying for jobs here. Online questions and reams of paperwork to fill out. sheesh get mad paper, i scheme for some reams, my jeans so jealous, pockets stay green. You know you belong in the Asylum if: you find yourself compulsively pulling reams of hair out of the plughole. And it's pink. You know you belong in the Asylum if: you find yourself compulsively pulling reams of hair out of the plughole... and it's pink. Watching Halloween 2 Goodnite! My Friends Sweet D reams have a great night.... Kisssssssesssss ... Watching Halloween 2 Goodnite! My Friends Sweet D reams have a great night.... Kisssssssesssss ... I had this weird dream: I got in an "office supply fight" in the stock room at office max...i was throwing reams of paper Hammermill 10500-7 Copy Plus Multipurpose Paper, 8-1/2x11, White, 5000 Sheets(10 Reams)/ctn Hammermill 10500-7 Copy Plus Multipurpose Paper, 8-1/2x11, White, 5000 Sheets(10 Reams)/ctn Hammermill 10500-7 Copy Plus Multipurpose Paper, 8-1/2x11, White, 5000 Sheets(10 Reams)/ctn Hammermill 10500-7 Copy Plus Multipurpose Paper, 8-1/2x11, White, 5000 Sheets(10 Reams)/ctn Hammermill 10500-7 Copy Plus Multipurpose Paper, 8-1/2x11, White, 5000 Sheets(10 Reams)/ctn i know...<them bitches b sellin hopes and reams fake body builders! I'm going to venture a guess Charlie goes in and reams some behinds for that one... not good I really wish I had the room in our apt. for 2-3 more reams of Stonehenge paper (rives BFK would be cool as well) Hammermill 10500-7 Copy Plus Multipurpose Paper, 8-1/2x11, White, 5000 Sheets(10 Reams)/ctn Hammermill 10500-7 Copy Plus Multipurpose Paper, 8-1/2x11, White, 5000 Sheets(10 Reams)/ctn Hammermill 10500-7 Copy Plus Multipurpose Paper, 8-1/2x11, White, 5000 Sheets(10 Reams)/ctn Hammermill 10500-7 Copy Plus Multipurpose Paper, 8-1/2x11, White, 5000 Sheets(10 Reams)/ctn Hammermill 10500-7 Copy Plus Multipurpose Paper, 8-1/2x11, White, 5000 Sheets(10 Reams)/ctn Hammermill 10500-7 Copy Plus Multipurpose Paper, 8-1/2x11, White, 5000 Sheets(10 Reams)/ctn Bid 4 Janis Reams Hudson benefit critique 50 pg crit by Colleen Thompson Bid 4 Janis Reams Hudson benefit critique 50 pg crit by Colleen Thompson 4 Janis Reams Hudson benefit critique 50 pg crit by Colleen Thompson Hammermill 10500-7 Copy Plus Multipurpose Paper, 8-1/2x11, White, 5000 Sheets(10 Reams)/ctn Bid 4 Janis Reams Hudson benefit critique 50 pg crit by Colleen Thompson Please One hr left 2 bid on a 50-pg proposal critique benefit former RWA prez Janice Reams Hudson. Pls help. (via Please One hr left 2 bid on a 50-pg proposal critique benefit former RWA prez Janice Reams Hudson. Pls help. Hammermill 10500-7 Copy Plus Multipurpose Paper, 8-1/2x11, White, 5000 Sheets(10 Reams)/ctn Hammermill 10500-7 Copy Plus Multipurpose Paper, 8-1/2x11, White, 5000 Sheets(10 Reams)/ctn Hammermill 10500-7 Copy Plus Multipurpose Paper, 8-1/2x11, White, 5000 Sheets(10 Reams)/ctn Hammermill 10500-7 Copy Plus Multipurpose Paper, 8-1/2x11, White, 5000 Sheets(10 Reams)/ctn One hr left 2 bid on a 50-pg proposal critique benefit former RWA prez Janice Reams Hudson. Pls help. Please One hr left 2 bid on a 50-pg proposal critique benefit former RWA prez Janice Reams Hudson. Pls help. Please One hr left 2 bid on a 50-pg proposal critique benefit former RWA prez Janice Reams Hudson. Pls help. (via Please One hr left 2 bid on a 50-pg proposal critique benefit former RWA prez Janice Reams Hudson. Pls help. Please One hr left 2 bid on a 50-pg proposal critique benefit former RWA prez Janice Reams Hudson. Pls help. Those are hilarious. Then I get 2 pages in and after reams of documented male stupidity, there's a "she" and
you amaze us!!! and for that reason I'm sure all of us will do our charitably things! thanks for all this stuff :D While Leach is ridiculous there, the player who Tweeted about the HC is, to put it charitably, an idiot. More here at pardon Generally, when we gossip it is to condemn others, but, stretching it charitably, it is perhaps to imitate others. Lions fans charitably clapping for on nice, given that he just sacked Stafford. The offense could charitably be described as "limp". (via >chuckle...gotta luv those fans & their acerbic wit The offense could charitably be described as "limp". "Twitter is what insiders charitably describe as pre-revenue" Charitably, a reasonable experiment. Uncharitably, ideology for own sake. Medicare Advantage Is Not Medicare: Someone should judge the MTTF of academic papers by discipline: Mean Time (pages) To Foucault. I expect it's 3 in gender theory. Charitably. UK Press Assn charitably public-service Good. But how much money from where? UK Press Assn charitably public-service Good. But how much money from where? 2 OF 4. I realize it will likely be interpreted as mercenary. I would beg you to please judge me more charitably than that. The mythology of conquest is remarkably uniform - or, less charitably, banal. -Norman Finkelstein hehe, I think "weird" is phrasing it extremely charitably!
- "It was a Very fun time to grow up going Grunion fishing,Salmon Fishing,Halibut Fishing, Shark Fishing(El Tib ... Event Reminder! Biggest Grunion Fundraiser @ Pistons ! this SUNDAY 3PM. We wil be in speedos and white boxers! Join... Grunion Team Banquet Tickets Now on Sale!!! The Grunion team banquet will be on Saturday, November 7, at the... Enjoying the interview with board members on Grunion Nominations for board positions will open October 5th... Enjoying interview with board members on Grunion Nominations for board positions will open October 5th... If I ever live on a Cali coast, I'm gonna catch a late night grunion orgie.
"Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking..." Greedy? Self-Seeking? Reckless? Uncharitable? Must be a | "Life teaches us that time after time after time after time that self-seeking only leads to a wake of destruction" - Matt Chandler Love is patience, it's not self-seeking, it's not easily angered, keeps no record of wrongs. It always protects, always trusts, always h ... ...It is not 'rude', it is 'not self-seeking', it is 'not easily angered', it 'keeps no record of wrongs'... It is not 'rude', it is 'not self-seeking', it is 'not easily angered', it 'keeps no record of wrongs'. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not love is selfless, love is sacrifice. Love is not self-seeking. Jesus so glad tt You are enough for me. "Love is not rude, it is not self-seeking. " I Corinthians 13: 5 is that too much to ask?? i didn't think so but then again love is not self-seeking, is this self-seeking? living by this passage is hard... Love is patient, love is kind.It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud.It is not rude, it is not self-seeking. (1)Love is patient, Love is kind, It does not envy,it does not boast,it is not proud,it is not rude, it is not self-seeking.... Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easil self-centered:adj.absorbed with ones self, egotistical, inward-looking, narcissistic, self-involved, self-seeking, wrapped up with oneself Love is kind, it's SELFLESS, it's gives, it is not self-seeking & whn it's real, It never fails! 1 Corin 4:13<-- Guidelines are key! ; ) Love is patient..is kind. It does not envy, does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, not self-seeking, not easily angered..1Cor 13:5 It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. vs5 But then I remember that they know sacrifice on a daily basis & r not self seeking ppl, but find joy in having a servants Love is not self-seeking. LOVE is not rude, LOVE is not self-seeking, LOVE is not easily angered, LOVE keeps no record of wrongs. {{Do u know w ... "It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs." "Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not coast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not ... LOVE is patient,LOVE is kind,it does not envy & does not boast,is not proud or rude & not self seeking,is not easily angered or unforgiving! This is gonna be more then 1 tweet so read carefully---It does not envy, it is not rude, it is not self-seeking. It is not easily angered, Love is patient, Love is kind,it does not envy,it does not boast,it is not proud, it is not rude, it is not self seeking... "Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking..." 1Cor 13:4-5 "Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking..." 1Cor 13:4-5 "Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking..." 1Cor 13:4-5 "Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking..." 1Cor 13:4-5 To the world a rich, self seeking business owner is more successful than someone who learns to love God, thier family, and everyone wholly Reading 1st Corinthians 13- & wondering if i really comprehend what love really is-Patient/kind/not self-seeking/not easily angered etc... (LOVE) is not self seeking...it is seeking anothers Godly Women is Priceless, Discovering her treasures ... 5 It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Kingdom justice is merciful... not self seeking. Kingdom mercy is just... not misdirected or misused. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. I Cor 13:5 'Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, ...... (LOVE) is not self seeking...it is seeking anothers Godly Women is Pirceless, Discovering her treasures ... (LOVE) is not self seeking...it is seeking anothers a man by myside not a boy who runs and hide, not ... Love is patient and kind. Not prideful, self-seeking, or easily angered. I need love from the Father to ever even hope to love in this way. (LOVE) is not self seeking...it is seeking ones a man by myside not a boy who runs and hide, not fak ... (LOVE) is not self seeking...it is seeking ones is no fear in love, but perfect love drives out fea ... (LOVE) is not self seeking...it is seeking ones ... "Love is patient...kind. It does not envy...it is not proud. It is not rude...self-seeking...easily angered..."
To be exact, Luka is the adorable mix of Shih Tzu and Pekingese, while Nemanja is Shih Tzu royalty for both :) Houston: Pekingese - Small - Adult - Male - Dog - Ralph ( Houston ) Please contact Houston: Pekingese Boy ( Houston ) $600.00 Just added myself to the twitter directory under: New@Zazzle Fall Leaves (Pekingese - brown): Fall Leaves (Pekingese) - dog in a pile of autumn leaves .. New@Zazzle Fall Leaves (Pekingese - brown): Fall Leaves (Pekingese) - dog in a pile of autumn leaves .. New@Zazzle Fall Leaves (Pekingese - brown): Fall Leaves (Pekingese) - dog in a pile of autumn leaves .. New@Zazzle Fall Leaves (Pekingese - brown): Fall Leaves (Pekingese) - dog in a pile of autumn leaves .. New@Zazzle Fall Leaves (Pekingese - brown): Fall Leaves (Pekingese) - dog in a pile of autumn leaves .. Two Pekingese. I was unaware you had even one. Unless Leoben qualifies... ::thumbsup:: I had a pekingese dog named Gizmo, but sadly, he passed a couple years ago. But Gizmo is still the best name! 2 of these are dog breeds i like, 1 is a lie. Can you spot it: Pekingese? Labrador Retriever? Saint Bernard? I had a blind pekingese (sp?) that I use to play catch with. He was a magic dog. And a warrior as well. I will miss him always. Atlanta: BEAUTIFUL CKC PEKINGESE PUPPIES!!! "ONLY 2 LEFT" ( Atlanta ) Please contact awwww, like pugs & pick-n-sneezes (Pekingese) their little faces! Babies! saw a guy that looked like a mix between a monkey and a pekingese dog today.... I just updated my Squidoo page: Pekingese / Ginger has the "windblown" look - popular with Pekingese this year. New Blog post I Love My Pekingese Italian Charm Watch Opinions ... - Benny Pekingese and Victory Bunny by Garden Gate Free Pekingese Dog ebook containing over ten pages of information about Pekingese Dogs my mom & dad, my brother, my nephew (who is actually a pekingese), coffee, good wine, and music... oh, and HBO. free pekingese puppy (chandler): Sweet, 10 weeks old female pekingese puppy needs a good loving home who can gi.. 'Coyote snatches Pekingese from Lake Oswego home - Hillsboro Argus - Coyote snatches Pekingese from Lake Oswego home - Hillsboro Argus - hes small n chubby, pekingese/shih tzu mix New York: Pekingese - Small - Adult - Female - Dog - Princess ( New York City .. wat is best dog for stir fry? has pekingese and maltese but i am not experienced dog eater Say Pekingese. I graduated today :3 What my daughter did to Ginger the Pekingese (lol) :-) New York: Pekingese - Small - Baby - Male - Dog - Peanut Butter ( New York City ) Please.. layin out in the sun with my Pekingese lol she is so cute New York: Pekingese - Small - Adult - Female - Dog - Precious ( New York City ) Please co.. Jual Anakan Pekingese Our special PEKINGESE "I'm here for you" Pet Greeting Card - Someday Czecho will compete with Roxie in the ultimate Pekingese race. Why was kingsley puppy so slow? puppies: babytalk to our one-eyed pekingese and he will bite you. Posted New Product: Pekingese Dog FLOWER Porcelain CAMEO pendant chain cab j0445 to my online store. Wet pekingese - it looks like cat ;) We had a dog named Cookie too. A little Pekingese. lol Purebred Pekingese Puppies for Sale
Heysham High Tide: 08:03(7.05m), 20:16(7.63m), Low Tide: 01:51(3.35m), 14:21(3.46m). I was at the bowls. Heysham Atmospheres vs. PoundShop Raiders. Mexican waves, snipers. It was all going off. Dimensions School of the Month...: ...is Trumacar Primary School, Heysham the trip to Heysham in about 2 hours to catch the Isle of Man ferry, should be streaming live at 1meg thanks to Manx Telecom Heysham High Tide: 06:37(6.65m), 19:07(7.14m), Low Tide: 00:25(3.65m), 13:05(3.87m). Posted New Product: HEYSHAM VILLAGE-VERY RARE ANIMATED RP STREET SCENE POSTCARD to my online store. Heysham High Tide: 04:55(6.78m), 17:36(7.01m), Low Tide: 11:27(3.88m). yeah it was a very nice coffee,better than the cappucino at heysham ferry terminal,that was bloody woeful Heysham High Tide: 03:41(7.36m), 16:12(7.36m), Low Tide: 10:11(3.44m), 22:53(3.50m). Have you seen the new yet? Newly rebuilt it has PC's, a meeting room, comfy seating as well as books,books and more books! Heysham High Tide: 02:50(8.08m), 15:13(7.95m), Low Tide: 09:23(2.85m), 21:48(3.02m). MUFON UFO UK Stories: in Hatfield, Heysham, and Devon On the boat, left the Isle of Man and heading for Heysham.....then a 2 hour drive to Yorkshire for the overnight stay. A HEYSHAM man claims UFO shooting over Morecambe Bay. Adrian Wharam :object was like 'nothing he had ever seen before'. JobsGroup is recruiting! We need Sales Executives in Havant, Hampshire & Heysham, Lancashire. Email careers@jobsgroup.net Heysham High Tide: 02:09(8.78m), 14:28(8.55m), Low Tide: 08:47(2.23m), 21:03(2.46m). Jobsgroup.net is recruiting business development managers in Heysham, lancashie and also Havant in hampshire, contact me for info Jobsgroup.net is recruitment business development managers Heysham, lancashrie and also Havant in hampshire, Sales experience a must. Heysham High Tide: 01:30(9.40m), 13:49(9.09m), Low Tide: 08:15(1.65m), 20:26(1.91m).
A new NWMLS policy about real estate blogging and automated home valuations could impact Zillow and Redfin. Redfin Profitable | Future of Real Estate Marketing ht.. Redfin Profitable | Future of Real Estate Marketing Looking for help with Redfin's value test check out Harvard's new online ethics class Possibly, actually, i use that server especially for music, the redfin server is for pron. wants Redfin to add a gun image by dangerous areas of the city to make it easier to house hunt say home sales are down, but must b lot of lookers. 1st pm tour is Thurs :( September City/Neighborhood Price Reductions | Redfin Los Angeles ... submitted our first home tour request via now off to the Hawks game in the sun! Mix some Redfin Energy with your Gatoraide and kick it into gear... Redfin Energy "Man Among Boys" Award up for grabs today. Tweet which player you think will win Who will be the Redfin Energy "Man Among Boys" NFL player of the day ? took the prized trophy last week. September City/Neighborhood Price Reductions | Redfin Seattle ...: Seattle Real Estate. Inventory Trends. House.. The new Nitrous Oxide Monster mixed with a RedFin energy shot fucked up my sleeping. I've been living off that shit this entire weekend haha It's amazing how many 2D gel projects are being analyzed using REDFIN Solo EVERY DAY now at the end of our campaign... Countdown continues: just 4 days to go of our REDFIN Solo campaign. If you are a scientist, check out: September City/Neighborhood Price Reductions | Redfin Los Angeles ...: Los Angeles Real Estate. Inventory Trend.. OK...5 days to go on our REDFIN Solo summer campaign - if you're doing 2D gel based proteomics, you better hurry! :) I know. We need another Redfin alumni happy hour. I promise to make it next time. Or just meet in alley w/a bottle like usual. :-) Redfin's real estate app is very cool: - OK! Checking it out now.. Redfin's real estate app is very cool: finalizing corporate culture Values Blueprint. Great work team! fav value is "Fire in the Belly." finalizing corporate culture Values. Great work team! favorite value is "Fire in the Belly." A redfin navigates the coral of Vatu-i-ra Earlier today at a few guys from SuperMarker from to V3! Thx for the demo guys! don't *need* a 3rd condo when really want a house. Plus only 1 we'd consider. As insomniacs, we're up all night searching Redfin. Enjoyed my first ever Maine lobster with the Boston Redfin team and RedFin is nothing of amazing. iPhone: Redfin Launches iPhone App MLS-powered app with photo upload and comprehensive website... Interesting pre-hire values screening test from Redfin: Download Redfin App because you will love it. "The Market Wrap-Up For August | Redfin Boston Sweet Digs" ... Now this is a Redfin moment POV Helmet Cam Captures Skier Causing Avalanche ... - Redfin is looking for Pierce Country agents! Learn and apply here: Bank owned listings Bay Area Redfin Real Estate Forums: FDIC Real Estate Owned .. Bank owned listings Bay Area Redfin Real Estate Forums: FDIC Real Estate Owned .. Redfin Forums poster posts about his offer experience in Seatle. They're on their 12th offer but keep get beat out: And the count-down continues.... now 7 days left on our REDFIN Solo summer campaign: You get the REDFIN ENERGY "Man Among Boys" award for your performance this past week! Big game my friend. Speaking of agent fit, did you see Glenn's lastest Redfin post? Redfin, you're killin' me. Ok, so it's not in the best neighborhood EVER, but it's not bad. And it's cute!! Alex Coon is wowing a good size crowd in the Boston Redfin office on the nuances of the Boston real estate market. iPhone: Redfin delivers ridiculously addictive iPhone app Attention real estate obsessives: Redfin... Heading to the Redfin home buying class in Boston. Come past if you're in town. I actually like this from Redfin, except I think the right answers are obvious. Too easy to cheat. NEWS: "Redfin real estate iPhone app gets rave reviews". Seatt.. NEWS: "Redfin real estate iPhone app gets rave reviews". Seattle is hot area for iPhone development. Deal of the hour: $25 gift to Redfin Japanese (Seattle) for $10
Back on norland side<~u got ran from 195 curb (holiday): free dining room table..no chairs come get it....3516 Norland ct. holiday,FL 34691 So, I'll recap today's films...great day BTW. Kenny Begins is hilarious Norland space comedy. Had some great stuff...funny and L0l yeah I kno I miss u more...I jus wish every1 from norland culd have a reunion or something...l0l N It Was A Dude Dat Use 2 Cum Out 2 Norland Dat Nigga Had One 2 At 1st I Was Thinkin Dat Nigga Gay But Im Judgin B4 I Got 2 Kno Him dam, lol laughin at a nigga impoverished state? u might grab a nigga a platinum FUBU outfit with dem dam Iversons 4rm Norland FOUGHT NORLAND DURING SMR SChOOL ZOES vs YANKS< same thing at JFK zoe's on one wall yanks on the other WHEN WE FOUGHT NORLAND DURING SUMMER SCHOOL (ZOES vs. YANKS) (2-2) Norland 50 W.Hialeah 0. . . Runnin out of shit to do ... (2-2) Norland 50 W.Hialeah 0. . . Finda try and kick the ceiling ... (2-2) Norland 50 W.Hialeah 0. . . I need my car back. . ... (2-2) Norland 50 W.Hialeah 0. . . somebody me please ... (2-2) Norland 50 W.Hialeah 0. . . bored out of my mind ... (2-2) Norland 50 W.Hialeah 0. . . Out to shayna and duke tonight doe. . ... (2-2) Norland 50 W.Hialeah 0. . . Shouts out to FAME B. She Us" lol but me and coco beefin cuz ... (2-2) Norland 50 W.Hialeah 0. . . Damn jennifer we up again??? lol ... good graduatin in december...interning now...trying to do this time masseuse thing...and just being a hustla like at Norland Norland . he aite iguess, well idk . Is his page on private ? u didnt think i meant ur norland didnt yu???lol hahahahha ... Uh oh... Go norland!!! Dey talkin bout dem boys on 99jamz... Ok! nigga u might grab a nigga a platinum FUBU outfit with them damn Iversons from Norland Middle LMBO great pics * I went to Norland Senior High . Miami bitch u better go to Norland i bet u find Brittany M Straughter on that roster hoe dnt do me!!! you was on point with the lyrics. good selecta<< from NORLAND dayz... Yuseeit mmmmm tis a dog on Norland fig farm in Orange. He catches the figs in his mouth from his nose & eats it if yu dnt qo to norland senior hiqh school . true statement ! haha . IF YOU WENT TO NORLAND SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL LOL <-- jus chill !!!! Dam I Went 2 Norland IF YOU WENT TO NORLAND SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL LOL you was on point with the lyrics. good selecta<< from NORLAND dayz... Yuseeit mmmmm I went to Norland Senior High c/o '03 Lol stoppd by norland today..it was interesting lol I'm outsde of norland high pickin up mi lil sis n dese kids look a hot MESS! Wat hppened 2 caring bout how u look? Thank GOD I do my sis hai these kids come home from school damn,,, damn i shouldve attended Norland today sheesh!!! i know that's right i haven't seen u since norland this kisha NORLAND OFFICE ON MA JOB! LOL READY TO GO HOME TO MY SISTER AND MY FOOD!! lol yu knoim not twoxy where the f yu come from lol & I'm hungry sis save me a pizza from norland lunch hehehe j/k y jaye over here going in on these twitter ppl from norland. i swear im about to create her a page...aaahhhhh! lmao Nt fEEliNG GOOd At All // UHH idk,,, dHA bEStiE RAQi WANt ME OUt At CAROl City bt dEy tHiNkiN bOUt NORlANd... &65 ... FOO I FUKN HATE EVERGLADES HIGH SCHOOL! IM LIVE AT NORLAND HOMECOMIN DOE i ran thru norland and i ain't even have a car hahaha<-same shit I had a bucket doe i ran thru norland and i ain't even have a car hahaha went 2 norland &nD graduated 4rm miramar LOL dat was my man at norland;l..... reunited and it feels so good lmao! i heard he was a shone doe UM DEFINETLY GETTING TO GOT TO NIGHT SCHOOL... AND DAT NORLAND WAS LIVE TO ONLY IF YOU WAS A 11TH GRADER norland aint register me 4 tha clearin house I jus had found out n if I didn't pay this fee by today I was gne b fukkd bt I'm gud NiGHAS TRY AND CHEAT ON DA SLY iN MiAMi LYK EVERYBODY AiNT GO TO SKOOL TOGETHER ONE WAY OR ANOTHA ! NORLAND;MIRAMAR;C.C;DA WEST has got back form norland i used to pull up in parkin lot n tawk to every bad bitch twice AT 2:30 .... lmao iSWEAR iM BEEFiN WiT NORLAND LOL.... DESE LIL GURLS BE SO MAD WIT ME HEHE
hahahaha damn ok u got me.. he should be in that strongman competition lol 'Dozens killed' at Guinea protest. I guess Captain Moussa Dadis Camara is a typical African strongman.Shame for Guinea. Oldtime Strongman: The Boxer of Quirinal Strongman by Charles Soule & Allen Gladfelter review Available for bookings for Old Time strongman shows please make your next profile pic a Victorian Strongman! (handlebar mustache required) Poundstone clinches place in World Strongman final: Poundstone clinches place in World Strongman final: Strongman by Charles Soule & Allen Gladfelter review - BSCreview: BSCreviewStrongman by Charles Soule &.. Strongman by & Allen Gladfelter - a kick ass comic with an alcoholic, over the hill lucha libre wrestler Not without the emergence of some manner of strongman figure. And then democracy fades away. That's how Hussein came to power. Is it Strongman-Flu? (the really bad one that only us macho guys get?) lol. I feel better today, hope you do too :)) Meanwhile, Simon looks like a fairground strongman: Happy to 2009 Arnold Strongman Contest champion Derek Poundstone. Strongman on Saturday and then highland games on Sunday I feel like I got hit by a bus. Went to the royal show... my GF beat me in the strongman hammer smash thing. She is half my size. How embarassing Morning - didn't get back to twitter last night,Strongman-flu got the better of me (fell asleep) - who said they didn't even miss me? lol hmm... apparently Great Danger Dane has gone from being in shape, to a fatty, to being in strongman competitions. he's the new Oprah. took a trip with jared ellis to vegas and cruised the olympia weekend expo. got tons of swag and saw van hatfield kick but in strongman! Great afternoon of strongman training with friends, I love picking up heavy stuff. II do hate that my Steelers lost to the Bungals. Greg Gause, "Maliki Strongman Redux," sees the future of conflict in Iraq: Gause,in a piece known around here as"Maliki Strongman Redux,"sees the future of conflict.. Gause,in a piece known around here as "Maliki Strongman Redux,"sees the future of conflict.. Greg Gause, in a piece known around here as "Maliki Strongman Redux," sees the future of conflict i... Greg Gause, in a piece known around here as "Maliki Strongman Redux," sees the future of conflict in Iraq: New bed is up and together....Back to the mats tomorrow to test the rib....Strongman on Tuesday i just carried about 50 pounds of groceries about 1 mile. i think it should be of the strongman competition. Had a great Anniversary for the gym yesterday The athlete Strongman comp was amazing.Thanx for the everyone pix up soon Oldtime Strongman: The Wrist Roller Good Job John Sappington, he got 1st in Strongman! We are proud of you. Yep, a good course for a strongman, the guys watched each other (mostly Cancellara) too much. Aww, poor twinny - you are really in the wars lately. At least you have escaped the dreaded strongman-flu :)) Hope you feel better won the strongman competition at the Carp Fair! The Torch: Air Force heavy lift: Air Force heavy lift. As it were: Cobourg strongman sets world record by pulli.. Oh, give me the head of Brian Sabean. However, yes, I believe you need a Spanish-speaking strategic strongman type to manage Ironic that thinks he can coach the beast in strongman. I got raw power don't need a coach lol. 2nd place at the Manteno Strongman contest. Did ok considering I haven't been training. WAY out of shape though. Need to fix that Sex-Porn-Pill Days after sitting down with Libyan strongman Moammar Khadafy, a Colorado peace acti.. Oldtime Strongman: The Nautilus Duo-Squat Machine Oldtime Strongman: Young Louis Cyr Thank you - I did have a good day. The lunchtime drink went on a bit, but I only had 3 beers cos of Strongman-Flu, lol :))) taking a break from the world of STRONGMAN training, lol. ... strongman training Strongman Training for Rugby Watching a local strongman competition in Bayers Lake Underground Shock Training | Strength Training Workouts Strongman ...: If you have hit a plateau in your perfor.. Carp Fair Sat: Silver Creek, Bill Anderson, Strongman Competition, Heavy Horse, Limousin, Midway, Family Circle Tent Thank you - the Strongman Flu (as it will always be referred to from now on) has been killer, but what can I say I'm a Trooper, LOL Yay, welcome back Twinny (you were missed). My strongman flu (great name btw) still here, but as it's Saturday, Im gonna battle on
I briefly followed this discussion. On testing, patterns, etc. This is a good entrypoint: Brands who wanna enter the conversation must use existng conversation as an entrypoint. Randomly going "I'm cool you should care" wont work.
In mid-western America, a group of teenagers bands together to defend their town, and their country, from invading Soviet forces.
Our Warwickshire sales feed has just been updated! Add to your mobile: Warwickshire England? Cuz I'm not far from there. : ) Our Warwickshire lettings feed has just been updated! Add to your mobile: Our Warwickshire sales feed has just been updated! Hungry? Back in Warwickshire! Determined not to hold Euro-plague that tried to kill Jane's celebrations against Brussels and mini Europe! TNT workers protest at bonus cuts: Hundreds of workers at a mail firm's distribution hub in Warwickshire protest ove.. Commis Chef - Quality 3 Star Hotel - Warwickshire - Read on and apply Alcester, England, United Kingdom... Our Warwickshire lettings feed has just been updated! Grab the RSS web feed: Our Warwickshire sales feed has just been updated! Find a humble abode: Internet on mobile phone completely given up. Oh Warwickshire. Pah. Allied Detectives, Process Server & Private Investigator & Warwickshire Development Engineer, Warwickshire Development Engineer, Warwickshire Development Engineer, Warwickshire IT / Design Consultant / Solutions Architect, Warwickshire Durham: Worcestershire and end of season review. Durham become the first team since Warwickshire in 2004 to go an... Development Engineer, Warwickshire IT / Design Consultant / Solutions Architect, Warwickshire Development Engineer, Warwickshire IT / Design Consultant / Solutions Architect, Warwickshire Just confirmed exciting new video reminiscence project with Warwickshire's postwar National Service veterans. IT / Design Consultant / Solutions Architect, Warwickshire IT / Design Consultant / Solutions Architect, Warwickshire Bramcote Mains, Warwickshire: Bramcote Mains is a working farm which also offers caravan storage, an aeromodell.. Our Warwickshire lettings feed has just been updated! Thinking of moving? Our Warwickshire sales feed has just been updated! Get the updates: interview by BBC Cov & Warwickshire radio over fire stations. On again at 5pm. Keep up the pressure.. Those who Can, Teach for Aspire People! Coventry, Warwickshire, Coventry Those who Can, Teach for Aspire People! Coventry, Warwickshire, Coventry Those who Can, Teach for Aspire People! Coventry, Warwickshire, Coventry A452 ADELAIDE ROAD - A452 Warwickshire - Adelaide Road closed both ways due to serious accident at Station Appr.. A452 ADELAIDE ROAD - A452 Warwickshire - Adelaide Road closed both ways due to serious accident at Station Appr.. Those who Can, Teach for Aspire People! Coventry, Warwickshire, Coventry Those who Can, Te.. Those who Can, Teach for Aspire People! Coventry, Warwickshire, Coventry Those who Can, Teach for Aspire People! Coventry, Warwickshire, Coventry Those who Can, Teach for Aspire People! Coventry, Warwickshire, Coventry
how's your hemisphere? panay ave was a garbage dump this morning. Can't we just be thankful that we're safe and not homeless? Kakapika yung panay reklamo sa baha. Where are you along Panay/Mo.Ignacia? My mom's at Landsdale Tower. Said that it was window deep at BurgerKing. says holy shit!! panay avenue lumubog!! bubong nalang ng bahay ang makikita!! wtf?!?! Mga peste kayo, panay ang spoil nyo saken about TD! :)) Pero since andyan na yan - OMG bakit bulag si Ramon? :( Dahil sa Twitter nalaman ko: Ang laki ng carbon footprint ng mga senador. Panay ang air travel nila! Do they really need to fly that often?
fllow bck y.. nanda dsni.. qm? lam knal.. tengs follow ..siapa ? i miss u a lot babie .. more than nanda does telefone com a nanda (: Discover Nanda Devi...a world-class trek in India: yahh ketauan nasya huu gimana dong kan malu:s Cie nanda uhuy thanks for everything, b:) Cie nanda uhuy thanks for everything, b:) HAPPY JUST 4 MY MOTHER! CONGRATE FOR 50 YEARS UR LIFE. SO VERY GLAD HV MOM LIKE U. ME, NANDA, DAD ALWAYS BESIDE U. LOVE U, MOM!GBU Nov 16, 2009: Performance Tuning in RAC with Arup Nanda at Oracle Univ.. ye. air kencing dibilang kreatif. belain aa ajah ni nanda. haha :D itu namanya ada ada ajah lagian p ... tp dia ceritany begitu dit sm gue?? haha hahaha nanda emang soktau banget mantan tam dan sk ... Prime ministers of India: Jawaharlal Nehru (1947-1964)Gulzarilal Nanda (1964)Lal Bahadur Shastri (1964-1966)Gul.. Indowebster Privacy Policy mungkin bisa jadi referensi SOP , biar radi save web page nanti nanda aja yg translate nya. AMITY NOIDA Sonal Grover replied to smita nanda's discussion 'name not printed on aah thankyou nanda, seems more yaa tapi gw lagi mau ninggiin frekuensi-memakai-baju-perempuan-gw ini hahahaha Nursery Admissions Sonal Grover replied to smita nanda's discussion 'name not printed on ahhh.. qndo eu entro a nanda sai :/ I miss you <3 Nursery Admissions Sonal Grover replied to smita nanda's discussion 'name not printed on Installing Nanda's modem into Aping Otw me with nanda..got to see y neurologist tomorrow.. Nursery Admissions Sonal Grover replied to smita nanda's discussion 'name not printed on NOIDA ADMISSIONS Sonal Grover replied to smita nanda's discussion 'name not printed on ce.. Nursery Admission Sonal Grover replied to smita nanda's discussion 'name not printed on .. Nursery Admissions Sonal Grover replied to smita nanda's discussion 'name not printed on NURSERY ADMISSIONS Sonal Grover replied to smita nanda's discussion 'name not printed on DPS NOIDA ADMISSIONS Sonal Grover replied to smita nanda's discussion 'name not printed on .. sip deh, Nanda Hilyah ya? nandhm ka follow back doonngggg ehe Nursery Admissions Sonal Grover replied to smita nanda's discussion 'name not printed on nursery admissions Sonal Grover replied to smita nanda's discussion 'name not printed on Packing, mau nginep ke parung. With nanda, auntie fikka& fny :* omg thankyou so much nanda XD which one you prefer? : Just looked album about lebaran, wow she is so feminine NANDA International Hires Leonard & Finco Public Relations, Inc. - follow back yaaa gue nanda pusdok ehe Woowww?? r u sureee?? Wakwaww..nanda paling jago! Aku masih ting ting (sampe skrg sih) ... woi geloo' dah..fitnah2 orng itu kejam dan haram hukumnya!! Emang ngga bisa lepas dr susu yaa si nanda,yumyum ... Jgn prcaya depe dr kelasnya sk ngintipin nanda di mesjid lwa ... Taiiii...boong dr kelasnya sk ngintipin nanda di mesjid lwat jendelaaa 2D!!ahhaahhaah Kan brg sm lo ngintipny tp gtau de lo intipin syp?ehem irfan dr kelasnya sk ngintipin nanda ... Smaaaaaaangaaat! Prepare to recording ! :) thx to icel, putri, nanda, mnda, ogex, yg still stia dukung... :) dr kelasnya sk ngintipin nanda di mesjid lwat jendelaaa 2D!!ahhaahhaah lalu gue diceritain sama si nadiah bahwa nanda sama viko suka sama dia (what the hell nad? i know the truth better than you :p) dr kelasnya sk ngintipin nanda di mesjid lwat jendelaaa 2D!!ahhaahhaah Prepare to recording ! :) thx to icel, putri, nanda, mnda, ogex, yg still stia dukung... :) dilanjutkan dengan wira! Hahaha.. nanda naren berantemnya hits banget! hey, i put the pictures up on my fb...sent u a friend request chhavi nanda
SWEET. Stephen approves of your approveness. the does it again, this time with What celebrity would you name your pet after?|But is Stephen the best celebrity to name your dog after? .. Heroes, Chuck, Big Bang Theory, How I Met Your Mother, The Daily Show, The Stephen El Dos is a semifinalist in the cutest dog competition: Pomeranian named after comedian Stephen wins online dog beauty pageant just found out Richard Dawkins is going to be the guest on when she's going to the taping. That's kinda cool. I am about to strangle my little brother. ITS NOT OMFG is anyone from kicks gonna be in friday night our georgia boys?? would love to see y'all there! :) I can hardly wait to see her rock I have to stay up late for this~! Stephen "Sadly, every time a racist criticizes the President, someone cries 'racism'." Stephen "Sadly, every time a racist criticizes the President, someone cries 'racism'." Stephen "Sadly, every time a racist criticizes the President, someone cries 'racism'." Stephen "Sadly, every time a racist criticizes the President, someone cries 'racism'." Stephen "Sadly, every time a racist criticizes the President, sum1 cries 'racism'." Stephen "Sadly, every time a racist criticizes the President, someone cries 'racism'." The Flaming Lips Behind the Scenes on - Four-legged wins dog photo contest.. Stephen "Critics of President Obama aren't influenced by their racial prejudice any more than a bullet is influenced by a gun." What celebrity would you name your pet after?: by Margaret Lyons But is Stephen the best celebrity to n.. Four-legged wins dog photo contest.. Stephen "Television is the most communications tool in history. Now can I have an Emmy?" It made it to THE USA Today, as would say: You are following the wrong Stephen - the real one is Four-legged wins dog photo contest - Four-legged wins dog photo contest - Please let this be on the tonight: David Brian to Star in Hedwig BC/EFA Benefit at New World ...|David Brian will star in the title .. The Flaming Lips Behind the Scenes on Four-legged wins dog photo contest|WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Satirical TV anchorman Stephen may not have .. What celebrity would you name your pet after?|But is Stephen the best celebrity to name your dog after? .. Joshua is now a member of Twitter Dads What celebrity would you name your pet after?: by Margaret Lyons But is Stephen the best celebrity to n.. Four-legged wins dog photo contest Four-legged wins dog photo contest - CNN International Four-legged wins dog photo contest Four-legged wins dog photo contest Not a dog fight Dora the Explorer! What celeb would you name your pet after? That Stephen dog is too cute. Cutest Dog: No joke, Stephen is a semifinalist Four-legged wins dog photo contest Four-legged wins dog photo contest: owner had planned to give prize money to charities aid..
love the idea of that course. maybe you should just call it "manners"... lack of them at root of the probs you reger to imo :) Posted the video for Lead and Succeed by Sara Moulton Reger fr - - Come check it out! New release: Lead and Succeed by Sara Moulton Reger For IT decision makers who want to make their IT more efficient :-): Watch Fujitsu's Dr. Joseph Reger explain how: It seems I have a substantial Shearling Jacket Phase to go through before the Janet Reger Years kick in. J&L's Reger has built a framework for success from the ground up ... J&L's Reger has built a framework for success from the ground up ...: Reger is also interested in helpin.. J&L's Reger has built a framework for success from the ground up ...: ... commercial and residential cus.. J&L's Reger has built a framework for success from the ground up: ... Wis., which is known throughout th.. J&Ls Reger has built a framework for success from the ground up Right now, songs orchestrated by Max Reger, great stuff...
It is called Marienbad My Love, by Mark Leach. It is called Marienbad My Love, by Mark Leach. Like most Criterion releases, "Last Year At Marienbad" is elegant, beautiful, and boring. Pioneers techniques Nolan uses more effectively. About to tackle Imamura boxset. Marienbad still sits on shelf unwrapped, looking intimidatingly at me. I suddenly have an insane desire to read "Marienbad My Love" the world's longest novel (17million words). Just saw -- what a ponderous movie. I need to watch it and Last Year at Marienbad ... at the same time or something. Well...I enjoyed "Wild Grass" quite a bit, but I'd still probably concede that it's lesser Resnais. no "Marienbad." sorry, es war in marienbad.......#demenz :-D LAST YEAR IN MARIENBAD : 85 : i dont remember -AP it's the last year at Marienbad Is it Last Year At Marienbad? The film library needs a little French dressing. 'Last Year at Marienbad' and 'Le doulos' from should do the trick. The film library needs a little French dressing. 'Last Year at Marienbad' and 'Le doulos' from should do the trick. so cool it Vito Acconci introduces The Last Year at Marienbad THIS FRIDAY at Rubin Museum. Free w/ $7 bar purchase. Vito Acconci introduces The Last Year at Marienbad THIS FRIDAY at the Rubin Museum. Free w/ $7 bar purchase. Anyone ever heard of Marienbad My Love, the 17 million word novel? Is it for real? Movie to see: "A City of Sadness," and another, a movie I rather not see but should note the power (as they say): "Last Year at Marienbad" via Last Year at Marienbad.
Homes For Sale - 2356 W Montcalm Dr $186,700 3 bed 3 bath 1,484 sq ft t.. Homes For Sale - 2356 W Montcalm Dr $186,700 3 bed 3 bath 1,484 sq ft townhouse/row-end built in 2006 - Had a great time at the Montcalm reunion. It was good to see people again. I really need to learn how to keep in touch better. lol GRR issues SIGNIFICANT WEATHER ADVISORY for Gratiot, Isabella, Montcalm [MI] till 1:30 AM EDT GRR issues SIGNIFICANT WEATHER ADVISORY for Clinton, Gratiot, Ionia, Kent, Montcalm, Ottawa [MI] till 12:4 Went to my Highschool Reunion at Montcalm - 40 years of the school being built, reconnected with several great friends!! Back after a weekend at the Montcalm reunion seeing old friends. Much fun and thankful I have aged well :) 6 point buck in the middle of Montcalm avenue! HOWARD CITY New Tech Helps Montcalm County Fight Crime In Howard City, there's no more to help fight crime. taking Montcalm high cheerleaders today.Yeah! Everyone please remember, I am a 1 man band, who happens to have a li ... Cheating Gay Boyfriend Detected in Montcalm County, Michigan Facebook a buzz with Montcalm Cougars getting ready for the school's 40th anniversary this weekend. Headed to rock a show w/ at the Palais Montcalm in Quebec City. Top 5 halls in the world!!! Or so they say... Wolfe, eh? Was Montcalm there as well? Having a Green Rebel sandwhich for lunch. Montcalm = lunch no man's land NEWS: Meet the Scorpion: Montcalm County Police using new technology to catch crooks Meet the Scorpion: Montcalm County Police using new tec... - Some Montcalm County police officers wear mini HD cameras on their uniform while on duty... (WZZM NEWS: Meet the Scorpion: Montcalm County Police using new technology to catch crooks Montcalm Secondary School reunion this weekend. Go Cougars...now, what to wear <lol>. we beat montcalm for the past two years and medway today Central Montcalm volleyball team goes 2-1 2 candidat(e)s investis pour le NPD: Manon Perreault pour Montcalm et Rejean Bellemare pour Repentigny Welcome To The Montcalm... A Luxury Hotel Located At Top Of Park Lane, Marble Arch, London stratford tomorrow tyler<3 can't wait to see my baby<3 tis been toooooo long.. tied montcalm at redfeather,33-33. nice comeback boys.
There I go again, inventing fevers. Hmm, new laundry soap or sheets? The one-side thing makes me think contact dermatitis. me ma looks like a daisy but never smoked. Me da has dermatitis. So I have a 50/50 chance. Both quite sweaty though. Ha. It looks like contact dermatitis. Serum mucosa-associated epithelial chemokine in atopic dermatitis : A specific marker for severity E... Check this out: Learn how to spot skin problems in children: Atopic dermatitis, eczema, or the c.. PG is a petrochemical derivative making it a primary irritant which may cause delayed hypersensitivity and contact dermatitis aye bless the genius nurse that told my mum to use it in the hospital with major dermatitis alcohol cracked skin = ow any one got a cure for dermatitis? 21st Century Complete Medical Guide to Skin Diseases, Pigmentation Disorders, Dermatitis, Ra.. i have psoriatic atopic dermatitis, fibromyalgia my dream is to meet pzz...... i have psoriatic atopic dermatitis, fibromyalgia my dream is to meet pzz.. i have psoriatic atopic dermatitis, fibromyalgia my dream is to meet pzz...... logan already has to go to vet this week prolly, he has some of dermatitis going on. wtf, do i look like i can afford vet for it too? Eczema Healthy Treatment at Home | Ask Dr. Jacobson Online: Eczema also called Dermatitis is common skin disord.. ACV CURES Sinus infections, acne, high cholesterol, flu, chronic fatigue, candida, acid reflux, sore throats, contact dermatitis, Disease and Dermatitis Herpetiformis Check out my latest blog on Dermatitis at What Are The Typical Swine Flu Symptoms ? | Dermatitis Treatment ... Ugh What a crazy day of hot spots, dermatitis and fleas, fleas, fleas. Maybe I should been a dermatologist ;-). on my cheeks that I have dermatitis. I also really look foward to seeing my uncle. He is very quirky and I think I got my sense of humor World of Sofas stock is probably the same as Land of Leather. Buy em if you want contact dermatitis...on your butt is... is... dermatitis'ed and speechless... though for entirely different reasons. goddamnit. my arms are sooo fucked up and itchy. I self-diagnosed a raging case of allergin contact dermatitis. gross. You'd probably get some kind of dermatitis from all the plastic/botox. 2. To make love in soft and relaxed way reduces the possibilities of suffering from dermatitis and acne. Don't suffer with eczema, dermatitis, psoriasis, etc - have a look at this I have combination skin. I am very dry on my cheeks. In fact, I think I have dermatitis there because my cheeks are always Gentle, relaxed lovemaking reduces your chances of suffering dermatitis, skin rashes and blemishes.. what is seborrheic dermatitis - Info Barrel: If someone is already infected with severe maladies like head inju.. I just read about 2 great essential oils for eczema and dermatitis sufferers: chamomile and melissa. Put 10 drops... I just read about 2 great essential eczema and dermatitis sufferers: chamomile and melissa. Put 10 drops into 25... I feel so sorry that Satima inherits atopic dermatitis from me. Once she grow up I'll teach her to practice Qi cultivation to heal it. Atopic Dermatitis 101: Atopic dermatitis is the most common form of eczema. This is the point to.. World Dermatological Market Outlook - Dermatitis, Anti-Infectives And Anti-Acne Treatments Ranked As Th.. HSE Issues Warning To NHS Trust For Failing To Comply With Dermatitis Notice|The Health and Safety Executive (HSE) .. Forms of Dermatitis Could That Dermatitis Be Coconut Allergies doing a punch biopsy for a weird looking dermatitis. How to Treat Common Skin Disorders of the Elderly, e.g., Skin cancers, Varicose Veins, Bruising, Shingles, Dermatitis Did you know that some dogs and cats are allergic to their plastic food bowls? Plastic dish dermatitis is an... had a dream last night that i brought home a Persian kitten without a tail. and with flea allergy dermatitis. i miss animal welfare. le sigh Johnson's Head-to-Toe Baby Wash causes dermatitis!? Today's Clinical Image: Allergic contact dermatitis to black rubber tools Types of eczema: Contact eczema (contact dermatitis) is broadly used term for irritant c.. Dermatitis Treatment: Learn more about how atopic dermatitis is treated - from measures you can take at ho.. Atopic dermatitis is a chronic form of eczema characterized by itchy, edema, population , vesicle formation.By Irritant contact eczema (irritant contact dermatitis) are due to direct toxic effect of the allergen on the skin.By
I meet MR. Javier Murillo Colombian designer on 24th. I worked for him and I heard he's very popular in his Colombia. Very nice people:-) Le..Lemme tell you a lil story Murillo. Bahahah. (: is the barbara tucker 'i get lifted' track same as erick murillo's, they sound similar Hahah, Nicky T has a bunch of games on his facebook. Prolly because of Mr. Murillo. Lmao. Carlos Murillo to Head Playwrighting Program at The Theatre School, DePaul University: The Theatre School at De.. FOLLOW NOW : Jared Murillo > Asher Book. and Mr. Murillo XD Joseph Gordon Levitt - Monday JJ Thorne - Tuesday Jake Gyhllenhaal - Wednesday Matt Giraud - Thursday Jared Murillo - Friday yep. And he's a veerryy tall guy, really. Just google it. But I like jared murillo better. at taco bell with Tito and Gaby MUrillo production biatch lol r u ready ! please keep Maricela Murillo in your prayers who passed away recently due to an eating disorder, it's a hard time right now I saw this on CraftyChica Kathy Cano-Murillo's wall and wanted to share it. *** EACH ONE OF US CAN MAKE A... I so have a girl crush on Ana Murillo from Police Women of Broward County. Asher Book and Jared Murillo look undeniably sexy! my parents are from Santa Elena, Salvador and I think you know my cousin janeth Murillo Man I have the biggest crush on Ana Murillo from Police Women of Broward County... Ashley Tisdale and Jared Murillo together again... but as friends! :) Just finished up with Corbin! Such a nice guy! We spoke about Jared Murillo haha Happy to mister Fidel Murillo :) busy day 2day: girl scouts meeting, b-day & a wedding.... congrats CYNTHIA & JAVIER MURILLO.... ... Congrats to Gregor Gracie on his win over Murillo Santos in ADCC 2009. Will keep you posted on his next fight! Ashley Tisdale and her ex Jared Murillo good friends check this Ashley & Jared EX-LOVERS EMBRACE: Ashley Tisdale & Jared Murillo reunite at the FAME premiere. Thx JessJeal.. tweeted earlier that and Jared Murillo are together again: now i gotta watch the police women of broward county.....gotta see my sexy Anna Murillo...mmmmmm Love the Broward County policewomen--- Murillo is my fav (the latin chick) then Penoyer... then Deputy Cooper then Bower (I hate her hair) Suggest-a-Guest for - Kathy Cano-Murillo Welcome to our newest students: Allison & Alexander Hammond and Nicolas Murillo! Suggest-a-Guest for - Kathy Cano-Murillo I loved the music of the v-factory ... and the jared murillo is beautiful ... Now Playing: Murillo's Lesson by Allison's Sacred Harp Singers Ashley Tisdale and Jared Murillo together again! -YAYYYYY !!! no hard feelings :D Ashley Tisdale and Jared Murillo together again! Ashley Tisdale and Jared Murillo together again! Ashley Tisdale and Jared Murillo together again! OMG, is he Jared Murillo? :O I'm going to die, too! Looooove Jashley <3 LOVING MY JARED MURILLO RIGHT NOW! Lupita Murillo here, find out why a Marana Cop was fired tonight @ 10p WHAT ARE LUSCHERS MURILLO TILTON AND RANSOMS CLASS ROOM NUMBERS ._. i can't find my schedule
my husband went to goucher and didn't like it. He transferred to Cornell lol hmmm Kara Goucher? that name rings a bell... Cool: Found NorCal version of Competitor magazine at local library. Some woman named Kara Goucher on cover, apparently she runs some. Classes this week: Tues, Wed, Thurs involving blackboard, study abroad, and power point! Go to for more info! Architecture of Community by Leon Krier - Lecture & Book Signing. Mon, Oct 5, 7p, Goucher College. FREE. Flyer/RSVP @ Goucher college is fun as shit! New Hepner's goal gives Juniata its first conference win against Goucher My manz and up here at goucher. Funn times. sounds like Goucher R.I.P. Mike Goucher I'm still in shock over what happened to you. ... Haha fine! I'll apply to Goucher! Someone better have a veggie burger for my ass at this cookout! Goucher cookout, come visit! lls yea u kno they don't fucc wit us up Goucher no more but I don't care anyway lol They no up goucher don't fucc wit me n lls first I threw laptop then we ended after boy threw box at vinny we was up Goucher cuz go up there and they had a up there we was up Goucher cuz go up there and they had a lil up there yo that shit was crazy 4real just got up. Up at Goucher with yooooo...next goucher let me kno bout lol...I'm always up Fridays too! A Goucher weekend was just what I needed. Feeling re-empowered and, yes, professional. Bring it on, Publishing World II! Can't wait. New Bray's goal gives Juniata its first conference win against Goucher New Juniata women's soccer opens conference play with a win against Goucher every time I don't tweet I'm either playing Guitar Hero, drinking whiskey, or reading about Kara Goucher. Just sayin'. I'm wit Josh and Lil V 4real niggas goin out Goucher its a out there 4real up at goucher bouta get it in Goucher Fairways cannot be at events w/ older people... Sooo all fairways baby showers will be held near goucher...is gonna have a baby w/ a cheap wine bottle? Could happen! Visited goucher today. Nice campus. Got a silicon case for my iPhone too Headin up to Goucher tonight to see whats poppin with my boy noooooooooooo! what! who cares about goucher! im more we did!! but NOOOO!!! i'll be at goucher that friday!!! I'm a goucher THUG, just typed like have a essay in literally 3 minutes... Volleyball gets back in the win column Saturday morning against Goucher. Full recap: Goucher FH down 3-0 at half to Juniata Volleyball defeats Goucher at Sea Gull Classic 25-20, 25-11, 25-18 Goucher College in Towson Marlyland 09/16 does not give Karl Rove a nice welcome Volleyball is back in action at the Sea Gull Classic today and are on the against Baltimore rival Goucher. and I am volunteering with Circle K tonight at Goucher College from 5 to 10pm...dont do me I can still go out away overnight volleyball tournament...thanks goucher lol Forgot how freezing it always is in the T. But it's so good to be back at Goucher! No school stress, and being treated like a celebrity! In final Berlin tune-up, Goucher cruises to 1:08:05 Half Marathon victory in Chicago - I favorited a YouTube video -- Video Gait Analysis of Radcliffe, Goucher, Petrova am I the only one who remembers how horrible direct tv was at Goucher? And I hear it still freezes and goes out during storms. Kara Goucher does this! Before your next marathon, think abt the people who helped make your race possible & thank them. Cultural Sustainability Master of program, Goucher College, Towson, MD - Tuvan throat singers Cultural Sustainability Master of the program at Goucher College in Towson, MD covers Tuvan throat singers soccer teams face off against Goucher College (Womens 1:00pm, Mens 3:30) Kara Goucher -- over at Nike today. VB Final: Lancaster Bible 3, Hood 1; WTN Final: Goucher 8, Hood 1; MTN Final: Hood 5, Goucher 4; Field Hockey Home Friday at Rosemont at 4 Goucher Shane?????? poppin??? lol homework time :-/ goucher grin=no tonight and none this weekend...have fun for me people while i have some fun of my own ;-)
DoD decentralizes social media. via folks: some good lines here! as warms up & power structure decentralizes, we need prevention/early warning & quick reaction (mobilized <48 hours) humanitarian aids Got a response from Google (@ario) on my post "Sidewiki decentralizes the conversation" Got a response from Google (@ario) on my post "Sidewiki decentralizes the conversation" Google's Sidewiki decentralizes the conversation | The Web Life | Google's Sidewiki decentralizes the conversation - sidewiki : Google's Sidewiki decentralizes the conversation | The Web Life |... - - via thisnew ... By Google's Sidewiki decentralizes the conversation Google's Sidewiki decentralizes the conversation Google's Sidewiki decentralizes the conversation Google's Sidewiki decentralizes the conversation Google's Sidewiki decentralizes the conversation Google's Sidewiki decentralizes the conversation- More ways for Google to get your ad impressions. That's the first... Google's Sidewiki is cool, but it decentralizes the conversation:
T. Choice should/will for somebody in this league. He's a caliber running back. Too bad the Cowboys team isn't of the same caliber as their stadium; unless they're play calling gets better, they're gonna remain mediocre. Hit you with that M82A2 50 Caliber Sniper Rifle! Stoked that my P.O.S. Dodge Caliber rental car fits in my garage. I have a humble confidence that attracts the highest caliber to me..The universe leans towards me..Always feels like the sun is on ME Dark Rising has acting and production values the same as a high caliber porn, without the porn (yet). That only since he adopted Tom. He carries 9MM is small of his back, 45 caliber on ankle, 22 caliber in his crouch still (nope because you did the prank) And you thought a man of my mental caliber would not realize something was wrong? <crosses arms> Monday Night football> worst game ever...0-0 @ halftime smh...how r the Panthers MNF caliber neway hey has anyone ever heard of Gunnery Hathcock?? he's a great war hero...first man to put a scope on a 50 caliber weapon! Dang! For the first one outta twenty that was hot. If I get 20 more of that caliber expect another beat cd out yall mama what yu doing wit dem amateurs? yu shud be messing wit a player of my caliber. I'm torn. I am glad to see a wrestling match of this caliber on but Im so sick of the same matches week in and week out. PPV after PPV Playing with early load of CQ 5.3.... Wow!!! I really shouldn't be surprised due to the caliber of our dev team... Tweeps, what a treat, an actress of caliber on free television! cool - where's the ride and what caliber of rider you looking for? these are two teams that would be superbowl caliber if they had different qb's A word of advice ?..what would it take to get some radio spins from a guy of your caliber?? U know BigTrez? Thats my mentor. Stage Actress Affirmation: "I am a Broadway-caliber actress! My big break is coming to me right now!" Yeah, because you don't want to go from high caliber to low caliber with one shot, now do you?! XD Caliber Associates, Inc. is quickly becoming one of Manhattan's top residential licensed real estate brokerage firms. US Cellular to Launch Samsung Caliber and Trill any keynote speaker should be there because of the caliber of there presentation not because it was promised in a specific manner indeed me, a man far above your caliber girl that shit broke down on me. So I'm in a 07 Dodge Caliber The .45 Caliber Big Game Muzzleloader - Can't, Won't, Can Do's and a Surprise or Two not one for drama, but if it's ever a "me vs. ________" situation, the blank would only be someone of equally high caliber. His hubris was so great that he ventured into the Alaskan wilderness alone with only 25lbs of rice and a .22 caliber. Back to Soul Caliber 3 before I do my homework. Once the standby of ex-soldiers turned peacetime killers, this caliber intimiodates as much as it kills. A traditionalist's weapon now used What, no dancing with the stars? For a writer of your caliber, I'm not surprised. I want Neil Patrick Harris to host the Oscars So many great quotes regarding Has Pelosi ever said anything high caliber on these topics? <nope hard to say Chambers was originally obtained for 2nd rd pick- doubt ur talking Pro Bowl caliber but depth would be nice So many great quotes regarding Has Pelosi ever said anything high caliber on these topics? coffee tasting like gasoline and ass? NO GOOD, especially for a woman of your caliber! lol! Impressions of the Dodge Caliber with Video and Full its Eunice u retard ....and we r in my nephews AC Dodge Caliber Your research must be incredibly limited if you're only utilizing Arkhams resources.A scientist of your caliber deserves more US Cellular Launching Samsung Trill and Caliber Soon: I uploaded a YouTube video -- Ky. Backwoods Magazine Smith & Wesson Sigma .40 Caliber Meredith_783....I pulled a Hero today, gave the VP a briefing on rebates........I am almost to ur caliber! Hey I believe Alvin spoke with you...looking forward in working with high caliber professionals!!Much luv to niggas of my caliber im ji behind, but to niggas period, im damn near in front of the line Just read that Garry Kasparov is now giving chess lessons to Norway's 18 yr old Magnus Carlsen. Magnus wasn't world champ caliber already?! the steam burn on my wrist that i got a couple weeks ago now resembles a CSI caliber defensive wound. --- is this a bcs-caliber schedule or a jerk-off convention?!??! bsu should NOT be u may as well go ahead and shoot yourself in the head with a large caliber bullet. **listening to The Dream all the way sigh Samsung Trill and Caliber coming to US Cellular.. Come to "48 Caliber @ TOP SHELF w/ Guests." Friday, October 9 from 9:30 pm to 2:30 am. 48 Caliber will be playing...
I'm not sure what to think that one of the most popular shows on TV, Dexter, is glamorizing a serial killer. Kind of weird. I'm not sure what to think that one of the most popular shows on TV, Dexter, is glamorizing a serial killer. Kind of weird. Yeah, exactly! Not only criminals but also glamorizing idiocy and stupidity, you know what I mean? I guess it's more movies, but it's TV too - glamorizing criminals Get Ready, Get Set for the Amazing, Glittery, Glamorizing Buy, Buy Buy Everything Adam Get Ready, Get Set for the Amazing, Glittery, Glamorizing Buy, Buy Buy Everything Adam. Glamorizing the world! But when does L&O:SVU stop glamorizing police brutality? busy day today! studying for mock trial and the psats. also glamorizing. :) Ah, I see. Glamorizing Viet Nam protesters I suppose. Fame....why is this movie glamorizing LaGuardia HS?! That's right, the movie is based on LaGuardia HS in NYC. It aint all roses! Think I've come up with a good way to describe my job for the city when I'm drafting resolutions: Glamorizing the dead in political poetry. someone who lacks any lyrical talent,and trys to make up 4it by glamorizing material items in there verses,I tried 2 define it lol Was waiting for someone to criticize me for glamorizing smoking. But, heck. I'm not glamorous, so, no prob! Perez Hilton, cyberbully extraordinnaire [Glamorizing crude public attacks = dangerous 4 youth! -iz] When Is The Media Going To Stop Glamorizing The Virginia Tech Tragedy? its sad BET is glamorizing dysfunction similar to rhoa glamorizing kim being a mistress
Archbishop Hanna: Today the Aqsa and tomorrow the Holy Sepulcher I know a Ghost. And when doubted his truth reveals incredible venegeance. Vanity is a sepulcher. Don't overlook yesterday's update on Soulful Sepulcher Blog Excellent Information re: Recovery (thanks! Don't overlook yesterday's update on Soulful Sepulcher Blog Excellent Information re: Recovery I uploaded a YouTube video -- Faces of Recovery 2009 (I just posted the vid on soulful sepulcher blog thanks At The Soulful sepulcher blog on inhumanity of refusing life saving treatments to uninsured in US. A toast! he bellowed, but in his bluster he blundered. He spilt his swill all sully-over Kafka's sepulcher.
by the way if you need to pay someone to localize games to German for you...I'm your man. Complete fun and Independent filmmaking: Independent filmmaking. Filmmaking also takes localize e.. Your Daily Tipsheet: Get ready to localize GDP results on Wednesday. Just requested to add xx-lolspeak language to localize.drupal.org. I'm in ur translation server! The Question Block Q of the Day: If someone were to localize Level-5 and Studio Ghibli's Ni no Kuni, would you pick it up? I am only following those from Toronto and surrounding area. Want to localize my account as much as possible I'm sad because my editor just asked me to put down my enterprise story to localize an AP (SUBMITTED) Tribulation! localtweeps :: Help Localize The Twittersphere! :: Special [del.icio.us] Localize your website content with human translations! Agrees with R.E.M., this is The Finest Worksong. Buy American. But how can we bring back the militant spirit and localize economic solutions localize/eliminate cyclic dependencies when some concepts are inherently mutually dependent so that they don't affect the overall struct ... Localize your money, banks, shopping, construction, hiring, consulting. Every dime you spend, spend it in your back yard. looks awesome. if it doesn't have an english version, you're helping me try to localize :3 whoa, sounds nice nice, if you need to translate and localize in italian just let me know, meantime i am wazing from Italy (went to iTunes US) :-) (en) US, Pittsburgh, September 24: Mass March on the G-20 Summit Sept. 25: Localize and Broaden the Fight Against ... Dear Square-Enix: take that as a sign that you should localize it for America, say, now-ish. Thanks for quickly reply. I'm a iPhone developer in Japan. If you need help to localize, do not hesitate to contact me. Localize your website content with human translations! I am getting very worked up over the fact that they still didn't say for sure they're going to localize Graces. It looks so cool! Localtweeps :: Help localize your Twittersphere! :: Home save the date for on Monday Oct. 19th, and video for the last event coming soon Bay Localize releases their Community Resilience Toolkit time Telecommuting Italian Translator: time translator needed to translate and localize from American.. Right. Have you heard of anyone who plans to localize? Also, do you know if NYT contacted SEJ about the project/spreading word? English is spoken by only 28.7% of all the Internet users in the world. One great reason to localize and optimize pages in other languages! nice if he can do a few Singlish : ) wow Jensen Button's doing well to localize himself into S'pore culture. wow Jensen Button's doing well to localize himself into S'pore culture. nice berms n flip flops! Just joined to hungarian translation team at should join to your native language's group too! Localize.drupal.org: How did you implement your wordlists, what are the requirements? Localize.drupal.org: How did you implement your wordlists, what are the requirements? Localize.drupal.org: How did you implement your wordlists, what are the requirements? Do you have needs and/or previous experience in building translation wordlists? It's another huge .hack project, so it's safe to say Namco Bandai will localize everything. if the cause is those 2 functions, just adding ENT_QUOTES option will fixt it. That always happens to me when I localize Engli ... We localize your iPhone apps to any languages with focuses on Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, and Japanese. Hi there... unable to send direct message right now for some reason. Working with creative to localize each background.Call me 2morrow Is there any way you could ask a Square Enix rep about any plans it might have to localize SaGa 2 DS. Inquiring minds and all. business plan, how to localize and have quality translation of 60 langagues? Localize your website content with human translations! Mumbai is a global city.Any attempts to localize it..will put the city in jeopardy. insurance : Localtweeps :: Help localize your Twittersphere!... - - via Optimize Css localize Webpage average bid $145 tell them to localize fast. is wondering what would be an interesting concept for Asia content on E! Channel programming? Forget Globalize...Think Localize! My fave new Twitter Tip - using Twitter search "term" with "near:CITY" will localize the search (ie. near:Seattle) Can we localize this? "Now is the time for all of us to take our share of responsibility for a global response to global challenges." -Obama
oh my god, could you believe that I'm listening that song? AMAZING our synchronization!! DBSync for Firebird and MS SQL: DBSync for Firebird and MS SQL is a database synchronization tool which perform.. Leckie say's Adelaide St. synchronization is a success story. He can drive the length of it without hitting a red light. hmm, just noticed some synchronization discrepancies in Outlook 2007 / Outlook 2010 / Exchange 2003, follow up flag's and appointments I dunno. I abandoned it. I've move to using subversion for all my synchronization. I get unlimited files *and* versioning. 0.866 now ringtones and prevents iTunes accidental synchronization! - Music Synchronization Consultancy Intern (Flatir... Tags Via - Music Synchronization Consultancy Intern (Flatir... Tags Via is not diggin this myspace/twitter synchronization. ... Music Synchronization Consultancy Intern (Flatiron) Beta: Squirrel 0.8: The personal finance program is Snow Leopard compatible and adds synchronization with multi.. Beta: Squirrel 0.8: The personal finance program is Snow Leopard compatible and adds synchronization with multi.. Vault: How To... Access the Workspace Synchronization settings ? << (Via How To... Access the Workspace Synchronization settings << It's a cracking blog! I signed the "Two way synchronization for IMAP e-mail accounts on BlackBerry Internet Service" petition! How To... Access the Workspace Synchronization settings Seizure temporary abnormal electro-physiologic phenomena of the brain resulting in abnormal synchronization of electrical neuronal activity. Moving iPhone synchronization from one computer to another is so troublesome They're making a good synchronization for L.A lights Indiefest let's get synchronoised! That's why I use Gmail. And I send a bunch of emails from computers-not-my-own and my iPod, so I like total synchronization. Gotcha. I was just going for the whole synchronization myth. I'd never done it. "The Present is where History and Prophecy exist in synchronization." --Ruolav I have just set up synchronization between twitter and my MySpace account. They're both doing impressions of Bruce Banner in synchronization. So awesome. is trying out the twitter/myspace synchronization Synchronization and power management for also, i wish myspace & facebook would just leave twitter alone. i hate all this synchronization crap. I wish MS combines these 3 initiatives: Live Mesh with 25 GB online data (Live SkyDrive) and synchronization with my computers (Live Synch). Aardvark: Microsoft Exchange Synchronization for Google Android Phones Just noticed that Windows Live Synch does not work with Mac OS X Snow Leopard. Back to manual synchronization... Unity3D Networking: Advanced NetworkView Position Synchronization - Interpolation, Extrapolation, Recommendations for good synchronization software? (For PC) Want to be able to compare files & sync manually sometimes; need filters, etc. You should go to the parade! The pictures look amazing, like opening ceremonies type synchronization/flare the beaver is not in synchronization with twitter just yet. but she is going to do just fine. its all bout synchronization of the with a song.. still working on task synchronization, zenminder 2.0 and another application that is still not announced. Unity3D Networking: Advanced NetworkView Position Synchronization - Interpolation, Extrapolation, and more: Bas.. Deleted 205 contacts of 400 during synchronization of Outlook Contacts & Blackberry, don't think anyone will notice :) Backwards emoticons always trip me up... what's the deal? Can't we all just textually smile in synchronization? Brainwave entrainment | Gather: Brainwave entrainment orbrainwave synchronization is any practice that aims to .. What is Microsoft Feed Synchronization and why is it haunting me? i found a bug between twitter and myspace. the synchronization system function doesn't work well... The OpenSync project is an ongoing to create a synchronization framework that will be a platform indepen..
You might also like The Moldy Peaches, and all of'em are feat. in Juno(movie) Rant reading. journalist: Facebook sexual orientation story old "moldy bread," same with $150 space pix This kid needs to be guilted into giving away all his moldy stuffed animals! Think of all the hillbillies with no teef or toys! Fun thing to do on the way home from vacation: guess how many kinds of moldy things you'll find in your refrigerator. You know you're *exhausted* when you find it there the next day. Or when it's moldy. *stop and face you* Why search through these moldy attempts at teaching our when I can show it to you myself? Possible source of rank kitchen smell: filthy moldy icemaker. Possible solution: set fire to fridge contents, put out flames with bleach. Uhh...does Hersheys chocolate get moldy? My mom told me it does...and now I'm worried I might get sick after eating this chocolate bar... correction on the last tweet... working on my collection of moldy weeds :) Anyone Else But You- Moldy Peaches I'm still sick. WAAAAAA! I feel like a dogturd...a moldy hairy dogturd. If you've never seen one of these they are a special gift to behold. Lesson of the day - healthy food gets moldy FAST Uh oh Just made a delicious looking sandwich on moldy bread. I can 1. Assume the mold is a penicillin colony, or 2. Eat a bowl of Ice cream Neither. Basement was full of moldy paneling, so we're just ripping that out now to finish later. Kitchen & baths need facelift. asdjflaksdfjasdfjasdlkfj just ate a piece of moldy fudge. going to go bleach out my mouth now k thnks - I just never want to hear the words 'steamed cabbage' again. It makes me think of hot, moldy lettuce. :D That's brilliant! Is it like a sourdough? I totally botched my 1 & only attempt at sourdough: anyone want some moldy mess? ;) reading about the vineyard, wine etc.keep thinking wine must have been discovered in desperation. Why else wld u drink rotten moldy juice? if her towel smellys moldy only in one spot my jury duty is back from recess 2mrw - finally! i'll be tweetimg from the old, decrepit & moldy Check out my entry: Moldy Counter Top- the house warming gift NO ONE wants!! - Free Bamboo Flooring I left it in the crawlspace and it got moldy. A little scrubbing and it shou.. Great now the elevator smells of moldy wet shampooed dog GRRR Fuck Moldy Ciabbatta Bread!!! Either my cat or she always smells like a heaping bag of hot moldy butt. Gross. If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you. ~Muhammad Ali bouncing junkyard, moldy peachfuzz, blue cheese marsupial, burnt porkroast, crusted snowshovel, furry nomad .. classic I may owe the MTA Gods(any relation btw?) a sacrificed gum wrapper and moldy piece of bread though "moldy" was fine. "mouldy" was a British spelling. [And is British & I'm Canadian. <g>] I just looked up on and "moldy" was fine. "mouldy" was a British spelling. well we don't want moldy cookies hanging about! If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you. ~Muhammad Ali If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you. ~Muhammad Ali there you go, do try the spam sticks they are extra moldy Ooh, I think I'll pass, lol. Thanks for the coffee. there you go, do try the spam sticks they are extra moldy Moldy oranges? yeah I can handle that. but you know im telling the truth! i guess women never stop being groupies..they just get OLDER. lol and juice gets MOLDY 2!! If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you. ~Muhammad Ali If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you. ~Muhammad Ali And now the dude at customer service is giving me a hard time as I return a moldy loaf of bread which is still 3 days within date... WTF! there you go a mug wine and some moldy spam sticks the moldy peaches- anyone else but you Beware the moldy cupcakes at Terminal 5 in JFK! Can I live here please... I especially like the moldy spinach on the counter&Bottles of Bud light make excellent paper weights! This mufucas wat me to refurbish 4 moldy ass refridgerators, BY MYSELF, with a bottle of bleach spray and a roll of paper towels....wtf? ... All those mums were disgusting and moldy! No good! Wasted hauling them out front. I was looking for something moldy in the refrig for the but couldn't find anything These raspberries are fucking moldy!!
welcome to the brotherhood of weaseling your way in COLUMN: 'Game Mag Weaseling': The Most Maximum Seven Issues Ever Published - EU leaders backed Georgia's lie that Russia 8/08 war. This is how they're weaseling out of it: "Weaseling out of things is to learn. It's what separates us from the animals. . . except the weasel." Homer Simpson Jeesh, the unintentional Mad Men puns in this review: Don donning sunglasses, weaseling out of Duck Phillips situation. Haha, really? My brother's really good at weaseling backstage - I could get him to do it/help me! :p Weaseling out of things is what separates us from the animals...except the weasel. Marge, don't discourage the boy! Weaseling out of things is to learn. It's what separates us from the animals! Except the weasel. Look...! A letter with distinct lack of weaseling! No weaseling content! That's so cool! -Sean Simmons I'm done worrying about people who dont give a shit about me. I'm done done da da. No more weaseling ur way back in my life.....I'm good =) Im not weaseling, ur angry and unfocused. 1 thng atatime wanna weasel out of - the LORD Almig ... I have to admit, it has definitely changed my mind *a little* about the topic. Especially the about Bush weaseling his way in... 4th Amendmant actually read to Dept of Justice officials in relation to roving wiretaps. Weaseling ensues. via Maybe the kids are just better at weaseling out of trouble. Or maybe dumb kids have dumb parents. Or both? Weaseling out of things is to learn, its what separates us from the animals. Except the weasel... - Homer [gospel] "Weaseling out of things is to learn, its what separates us from the animals. Except the weasel..." - Homer Weaseling out of things is to learn. It's what separates us from the animals...except the weasel-Homer Simpson need to practice my weaseling technique! Marge, don't discourage the boy! Weaseling out of things is to learn. It's what separates us from the animals! Except the weasel Weaseling out of things is to learn. It's what separates us from the animals!... except the weasels. - Homer Randy Weaseling series on YouTube? Weaseling out of things is to learn. It's what separates us from the animals!... except the weasels. - Homer Look...! A letter with distinct lack of weaseling! No weaseling content! That's so cool! -Sean Simmons Weaseling out of things is what separates us from the animals. Except the weasel.
Wordpress Thesis Theme Customization Help Wanted P ... By Mega-Games-Plus Max Bid: $5 Silverlight customization By ezbgall Max Bid:$N/A It's not the look of it. It's the thing about it that other themes don't have - ease of customization: Funny Vehicle Modifications - DIY Customization Results in Hilarious Custom Cars (.. QuickBooks 2010 was announced today. Key features: Add/Edit Multiple List Entries, Forms Customization,Company Snapshot customizable,Centers using the Opera browser tonight and thinks it's awesome! So much customization. Google Chrome: You don't get people to use ur browser with TV ads. extensions and other browser customization features. Silverlight customization Fascinating about experimenting with customization and recommendations Fascinating about experimenting with customization and recommendations Fascinating about experimenting with customization and recommendations Mashable calls CNN iphone ap features impressive: customization, save stories, streaming video, citizen journalism. Oh Mac and your ease of customization: I accidentally linked ugly Gmail chat with beautiful JabberIM This is a really cool way to list a conference schedule with multiple tracks, enabling customization. Blogworld: Migrating from Clarify, SSO in Rails, CSS Tips: Want to learn how to do really great CSS customization w.. Silverlight-customization--By-ezbgall-on-Sep-28--Max-Bid:-Open-to-fair-suggestions indeed. I agree. I think ads are totally wrong model Personalization/customization/relevancy is key imho I agree. I think ads are totally wrong model Personalization/customization/relevancy is key imho Atmel News (Topix): Atmel QTouch Library Enables Customization of Touch Functions Across All: Full Wow, already has a guide on installing Enlightenment in Ubuntu (btw, thanks!). All I got now is the customization. :D Jak and Daxter: The Lost Frontier - TGS 09: Customization Interview HD "There was a problem saving your profile customization." WHY??? I fail at the whole foobar customization. And it's horrible because there's some awesome themes ans skins, and I can't install 'em. Oh, me. I would love to help you in the backend if you need WordPress customization to create your restaurant guide. Migrating from Clarify, SSO in Rails, CSS Tips: Want to learn how to do really great CSS customization w.. Migrating from Clarify, SSO in Rails, CSS Tips: Want to learn how to do really great CSS customization w.. been enjoying much more than Pandora lately. Far better station customization options. One last thought...had a few customers ask about customization for their studios...head over to to... Wordpress Thesis Theme Customization Help Wanted P ...--By Mega-Games-Plus on Sep 28--Max Bid: $5 - - News - Europcar Shows Off New Car Hire Customization System - - News - Europcar Shows Off New Car Hire Customization System - - News - Europcar Shows Off New Car Hire Customization System or else I would go wordpress. Allows way less customization but looks more professional. U need to know a lil more HTML tho There sould be character customization and multiple people on one xbox able to play over xbox live. Would make the game so much better There's something to be said about having to much customization. customization of my Opera browser. I'm really beginning to like this thing. We do allow customization of the tweets (ex: and the tweet does link to their profile. Thx for the feedback! yeah I'm slowly moving into my own custom work. The more I range in my development, the more I need customization. Atmel QTouch Library Enables Customization of Touch Functions ... I prefer tweetdeck over the others. lots of customization Blip offers plenty of customization/distribution options that I like :) 3- don't get the whole "YOU" bit. Is the benefit customization? If so, should have hit harder I think. 4- like global appeal Once I get all my gear and playing I think I'd use love the customization Paragon Lake announces jewelry design winners: National Jeweler Network Paragon Lake, a mass-customization comp.. Paragon Lake announces jewelry design winners: National Jeweler Network Paragon Lake, a mass-customization comp.. Twitter background design and customization: Tattoo Director. - The Only Tattoo Design Customization Software In The World.... Stupid Twitter widget keeps putting the older posts on top. So much for customization. yea dude, its just the combine people have players already before and the customization on 2k is pretty good this year
i LOVED TheLandB4Time! Just saw an ad for Saw VI...Maybe they are trying to tie "The Land Before Time" for most installments HAHAHA. i agree. LOL Just saw and ad for Saw VI...Maybe they are trying to tie "The Land Before Time" for most installments Just saw and ad for Saw VI...Maybe they are trying to tie "The Land Before Time" for most installments Had a dream last night (in two installments, even!) that I was taking in some weird race/competition through a huge 3) If a "guru" is attempting 2 sell me something that needs installments, or at a totally unrealistic, tangible price, then I unsubscribe. I can't believe they're making another fucking Saw movie. Enough already. What's new about any of these installments? If the coming installments prove as compelling as Air, Universe could be the best entry in this franchise like your new blog. Looking forward to more exciting installments : ) Tomorrow is looking to be a nicely geeky day, what with new installments from and thx P-Dub, that's perfect. only missed 4 or 5 installments. Got 'em now!! Will make one hell of a Data CD! lol has been book worming for the last 3 days doing research for the next two installments of the PhyZyx TripTyx se ... I hate it when this happens. I swear I was up to date with my cookie installments. I would love to be a of this if installments were the case or at all possible. That is a fantastic question. While we would prefer it all at once, we could probably work out something in installments Looking forward to the next installments, and would be happy to connect on my little corner of the space. Will DM my email. well no nothing in just the thread that runs though them. Most it's like a story in installments. Who has film rights? Be sure to check out our friends at every couple weeks for new installments from Austin and the Barn... 6 installments of pirates?! seriously disney? Need for Speed: Shift is one of the next installments in the long-running racing video game franchise Need for The Wheel of Time Re-read: Lord of Chaos, 23 (previous installments @ ) This is a must see for everyone...But most people love to be blind, so we will see how many will watch all the installments. 7 Primetime Emmy for Little Dorrit! Watch all 5 installments for a limited time on the PBS Video 800 free books to read delivered in installments to your inbox. i don't know about other people, but it looks real to me. the first one, anyway - the other installments look 'fake'... like this matters Need for Speed: Shift is one of the next installments in the long-running racing video game franchise Need for I'm a bit amazed at the pacing of the thing. It feels like mere installments ago that our hero was in a hospital bed. Slate is doing an interesting series on dentistry in America. The first two installments are up here: I just posted the final 2 installments of "how to deal with discouragement," to my blog. You can check it out @ mann the last two installments of A Tru State Of Mind is gonna turn heads!!,lol just listening too the production,lost for words CNET Interview w/ Aneesh Chopra: promises mo. interview installments I really need to go back and watch all the installments of that saga too ;( i really liked it Webinars on sales now up and running. Check for new YouTube installments soon. i hope i could be the outstanding student again. then i don't have to pay the installments like the previous term. Thank you for Now confirmed $$ will be refunded but only in installments! I have to live on $15 till I get my money back. ACTEWAGL saga: In meantime, I now have only $15 to live on. They can take $2,144 ILLEGALLY & can refund it only in installments!! ACTEWAGL saga: they rang me back. They will definitely refund me the money but not sure when and they may refund it in installments. AUGH! At the supermarket I always get served by a woman I went to school with. Catching up on 25 years in installments. Today : 2 kids 18 and 13 would you rather...cash out or get paid in 20 years in yearly installments? Are <b>We</b> Overdoing It With All These "<b>Hero</b>" Installments? - PS3 News - Are <b>We</b> Overdoing It With All These "<b>Hero</b>" Installments? - PS3 News - - Mm Hmm. Yearly installments about it, too! I bet we can. Peeps @ my j-o do it all the time and I think they pay in installments Just been checking it out now. Creative writing in three line installments? Muy interesante. installments of Detective Investigation Files where he was washing ppl's hair, lol. If you didnt catch Ken Burns' "The National Parks,America's Best Idea"on PBS dont miss future installments;check your local listings!DVR it! Read the first 2 installments of HF's Top 50 NHL Prospect Rankings - & . Did not get it together in time :( Anybody have $10000 for our next album? Installments are okay.
revolutionizes convention by completely replacing traditional testing methods. GTM has created a Matrix of that revolutionizes the revenue generating potential of all members through ... lastest news @ cedai UEI QuickSet Revolutionizes Set Up Of Remote Controls For Home Audio V.. Los Angeles: UEI QuickSet Revolutionizes Set Up of Remote Controls for Home Audio Video Enthusiasts New real estate online marketing platform revolutionizes internet search GTM has created a Matrix of that revolutionizes the revenue generating potential of all members through ... UEI QuickSet Revolutionizes Set Up of Remote Controls for Home Audio Video Enthusiasts UEI QuickSet Revolutionizes Set Up of Remote Controls for Home ... - TMCnet: UEI QuickSet .. This is very meta... and funny: Social Media Revolutionizes Parent Stalking via Episode 2: Agriculture goes high tech, 3-D printing revolutionizes design, Electro engineering: never too late to learn Revolutionizes Human Resources Outsourcing (HRO) with FREE Services and Revenue Sharing! View Tour @ GTM has created a Matrix of that revolutionizes the revenue generating potential of all members through ... Car and Bike Blog: EagleRider Revolutionizes Motorcycle Travel Car and Bike Blog: EagleRider Revolutionizes Motorcycle Travel Car and Bike Blog: EagleRider Revolutionizes Motorcycle Travel Car and Bike Blog: EagleRider Revolutionizes Motorcycle Travel GTM has created a Matrix of that revolutionizes the revenue generating potential of all members through ... Car and Bike Blog EagleRider Revolutionizes Motorcycle Travel Car and Bike Blog EagleRider Revolutionizes Motorcycle Travel GTM has created a Matrix of that revolutionizes the revenue generating potential of all members through ... Social Media for DoD & Government Revolutionizes Communication with Citizen-Soldiers HEADLINE: The Felix Culpa Revolutionizes Pee bottles. Watch out world! Watched Bottle Shock, great movie 4 wine lovers about a legendary 1976 blind taste-test that forever revolutionizes the global wine industry GTM has created a Matrix of that revolutionizes the revenue generating potential of all members through ... GTM has created a Matrix of that revolutionizes the revenue generating potential of all members through ... GTM has created a Matrix of that revolutionizes the revenue generating potential of all members through ... Rock & Republic Men's Regent Shoe: Rock & Republic revolutionizes the classic dress loafer with the dapper .. Invisible Speaker Screens - Emo Labs' Edge Motion Revolutionizes Sound Systems (VIDEO): This .. Revolutionizes Human Resources Outsourcing (HRO) With FREE Services & Revenue Sharing! Tour @ Revolutionizes Human Resources Outsourcing (HRO) With FREE Services & Revenue Sharing! Tour @ my g1 could do that a year ago. Apple revolutionizes again! Years after everyone else. GTM has created a Matrix of that revolutionizes the revenue generating potential of all members through ... Do you ever change the way you write a letter and it totally revolutionizes your handwriting? ME TOO! Kitchens Made For the Outdoors: Love the outdoors? Then love it even more as outdoor kitchen revolutionizes your outdoor Kitchens Made For the Outdoors: Love the outdoors? Then love it even more as outdoor kitchen revolutionizes your outdoor GTM has created a Matrix of that revolutionizes the revenue generating potential of all members through ... Kitchens Made For the Outdoors: Love the outdoors? Then love it even more as outdoor kitchen revolutionizes your outdoor Kitchens Made For the Outdoors: Love the outdoors? Then love it even more as outdoor kitchen revolutionizes your outdoor Kitchens Made For the Outdoors: Love the outdoors? Then love it even more as outdoor kitchen revolutionizes your outdoor Kitchens Made For the Outdoors: Love the outdoors? Then love it even more as outdoor kitchen revolutionizes your outdoor Kitchens Made For the Outdoors: Love the outdoors? Then love it even more as outdoor kitchen revolutionizes your outdoor Kitchens Made For the Outdoors: Love the outdoors? Then love it even more as outdoor kitchen revolutionizes your outdoor GTM has created a Matrix of that revolutionizes the revenue generating potential of all members through ... Google Picasa 3.5 is pretty slick. The facial recognition revolutionizes photo search experience. Apparently Mac version exists now? Jacksonville. But not enough to save Del Rio's job. His replacement? Jon Gruden? & he drafts Tebow & revolutionizes the NFL Kitchens Made For the Outdoors: Love the outdoors? Then love it even more as outdoor kitchen revolutionizes your outdoor Kitchens Made For the Outdoors: Love the outdoors? Then love it even more as outdoor kitchen revolutionizes your outdoor
its time for me to neutralizing all down.....and i need more spaces Raspberries are an antioxidant food containing ellagic acid, help prevent damage to cell membranes by neutralizing free radicals. Re: Cool Method of Exposing/Neutralizing Provocateurs at Demonstrations- Here's another marching band that makes ap... Re: Cool Method of Exposing/Neutralizing Provocateurs at Demonstrations- Berminator:My first demonstration was 40 y... Re: Cool Method of Exposing/Neutralizing Provocateurs at Demonstrations- My only point is that if we're protesting ... Neutralizing stealth technology: One of the prime arguments for the F-35 and F-22 jets built by Lockheed Neutralizing stealth technology: One of the prime arguments for the F-35 and F-22 jets built by Lockheed Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons Creme Neutralizing Crayons New docs expose big-pharma tactics for neutralizing doctors who speak out against their products. New docs expose big-pharma tactics for neutralizing doctors who speak out against their products. New documents expose big-pharma tactics for neutralizing doctors who speak out against their products. Serious! Clark playing? Marc Staal? With the defensive play that to a goal? Too busy neutralizing Gaborik? If it wasnt for the rain neutralizing their speed they would have won. But yesterday was a bad day for ranked teams NFL scheduling gods are on drugs: Giants and Jets playing at the same time, neutralizing NY market; Bills game blacked in East for SD game Is acid neutralizing an alkali a chemical change? (via Antioxidants are natural cell protectors, neutralizing free radicals by pairing an electron to the outer shell of radical oxygen molecules. Stina Nordenstam is way underrated. This cover of "Purple Rain" makes me feel like I'm napping in heaven. Clio Neutralizing Shampoo is a unique product is a excellent daily moisturizer for hair that is dry, damaged, and over processed ... Technically they are for pussies. :) Euphoria neutralizing the pain, but wow, C-sections are NOT for pussies. I love the idea of neutralizing the numbers of followers and the ppl u're following;) Good job mary0m Euphoria neutralizing the pain, but wow, C-sections are NOT for pussies. It works on 2 levels. And maybe none. remove lg co.s on both sides; what's the impact on broadband for all? Wash Exmnr: Is FCC neutralizing innovation? Good timing: with the successful HIV vaccine, there was a conference on neutralizing HIV antibodies in our building today.
so congested... feels like i went scuba diving and never equalized my ears. Afroto has equalized for Egypt. west ham just equalized... (Juventus - Bologna 1-1) Trezeguet Goal Equalized In Stoppage Time damn- wolves equalized. richardson's rubbish dreadful backpass, Gordon's misshandle, freekick, goal. dagnabbit! Barely could I finish my tweet it's 20-22. The Poles came close, well they equalized.. but the Dutch hold the lead. Some nervous moments.. Bologna just equalized in the 93rd minute vs Juventus, for the 2 of you who may be interested. I'd see Beech Nut live at but until then this is an LA Song. I'd play "The Fanatic" by Felony, but audio needs to get equalized. Boo! Chicago fire just equalized based on own goal. via Call it anything you want; It' still a backdoor into HC. socialized/equalized gov.control. Didier Drogba / Drogba briefly equalized for Chelsea in their disappointing 3-1 loss to Wigan on Saturday. Lamy was just about to be lapped by McNish when full course yellow equalized the field. Lucky break for Pedro! We lost 3-1. They scored, we equalized, Cech sent off, they score the penalty & at the end vs 9 men they finished us. Oh well. Argh Chelsea equalized >:( Football: Tottenham lead 1-0 at home against Burnley, Robbie Keane penalty. Blackburn have equalized thru Christopher Samba against Villa Geovanni equalized for Hull. Liverfool 1 - 1 Hull. Wigan leading Chelshit by a goal to nil. Looks like I need to drop one of my Liverpool defenders from my premier squad - Hull equalized. Hull equalized with a header. Yale equalized its SAT & ACT policies: send ALL test scores! For ACT, send official score with highest score & the rest Just equalized that bitch(the fly) . I kill for fun mayne, im crazy . Man i know ima have a sore thrott tomorrow :( Equalized at half time bitchessss 6-6. Dogs in first w/ potential 8 pointer after Jayne kneed someone in the head. Parra just equalized. Actually my exhaustion levels equalized pretty quickly. Time for bed possibly. Wrong, sorry... when has law [universally] equalized pay? Never gonna happen... Its not their responsibility. Genoa just equalized against Juve, 1-1 after 31mins. making the best of the day is always in order. and the harder the day the we become! The pressure in my ear still hasn't equalized correctly. =( haha during pathology i was effing holding my tongue, IM SO GLAD I DIDNT GET EQUALIZED. now.. a whole term.... how sweeet is this?? Watching Flames TV live. Iginla just equalized - 2-2 vs Oilers JJJJJEEEEEEEEEEEZE! DOYLE, ALMOST EQUALIZED! AMAZING SCENES AS HAMBURG HAVE EQUALIZED LATE AGAINST OSNABRUCK. They will go to extra time level at 2. ok shuld prlly head to bed insted of watchin this bad match! grr..Wolves gettin more possession n City equalized Fulham HOW ANNOYING!! pfft. Gareth Barry has equalized for City against Fulham. Damn Man city equalized! Man City equalized against Fulham. Barry with the goal. 1-1. Manchester City have equalized against Fulham. Now 1-1 in their Carling Cup encounter. yaaaay!!!! Man City have equalized! Ok i'm no longer celebrating early...palermo just equalized St. Pauli has equalized against Werder Bremen. Yes, you read that correctly. Then again, with Bremen, should we even be all that shocked? now that you're equalized, we've got to hurry! We're with ya, Erik - come hell or high water! :) Here's hoping the barometrics have equalized somewhat. But that's equalized in VS2010! your boys just equalized Feeling very balanced today, like something in the universe is equalized today. What? FIA want engine performance equalized. So they are going reduce the strong ones? Is this what has turned into? Got all the Tumbler bits noise-removed and equalized. Tomorrow, I rip out the bloopers, and ship this bad boy . . . girl. . . whatever.
Springfield Armory's Squad Scout may be the best Of the M1A Bunch: Springfield Armory Makes the ever popular M1.. More from the Armory's Inside/Out exhibition Check out the event description for Harvest Fest on the Armory's calendar here -
Clearing out one of the rooms that still needs to be remodeled. Getting so sick of the mess and wishing the house was finished already!! Get ready for the newly remodeled Abrahams' Black Lion!!! at the Rivera it was the first time less than 100 and newly remodeled, flat screen and iPod player . I liked it . need your home or business remodeled let us know and check out our web site Paid Surveys At Home.: Since 2004. Recently Remodeled. Conversions Epc Improved. 1-on-1 Email & Chat Communicat.. craziest thing I found out at work today. one of the transfer workers (working at my chick-fil-a cause their's is getting remodeled) lives Rent to Own-Lease Option in Arizona-Lease to Purchase (Newly Remodeled, No Downpayment! I like cold water!! At the optomotrist!!! They've remodeled! Pretty!! :) Wish me luck! This turnkey 3 bedroom, 2 bath single family home has just been newly remodeled. Its amazing that's how i felt when we bought the tattoo shop and remodeled it .Good for you Girl The newly remodeled site is up and running now. It is filled with valuable information on how to save you money!!... They remodeled the ps3 wall... Today is gonna be fun ; A; Rocking out in Broski's newly remodeled basement waiting for the Dallas-Carolina game. Are you ready for some football? Cuz this guy is! Spent this afternoon selecting blinds, shades, & drapery hardware for a home being remodeled. At the library, love this place naturally but since they remodeled I have a feeling ill be here quite a bit.downside printing is.15 per page In Brevard NC home was to be a rental but owners remodeled the kitchen & put in top shape so said sell! at the newly remodeled wally land in belle vernon Just found out I can move into my newly remodeled on Thursday. I should packing! Just showed a beautiful 3 BR in Vienna. Completely remodeled. Regular sale. Call me if you want to know more! omfg my kitchen counters are getting remodeled today so i can't eat anything microwavable -_- i'm so hungry!! Park/Greenbelt views. Updated & Remodeled home for sale in Ladera Park. Great Value! the one at 21st & amidon. it's being remodeled to have a hispanic theme Done! So, my kitties were my first priority and room for my research and projects, second. Totally remodeled in bonus manifestation! Just posted on ActiveRain: 18 ROOM OCEANFRONT REMODELED MOTEL WITH %3 COMMISSION HOT Who wants it? Duplex $80K, Ea unit 2 bedroom 1 bath Remodeled. [maybe it'll get remodeled] [Blog] SPECIAL Cute Cabin Hot Tub Wifi LCD TV freshly remodeled Big Bear 99 2bd: Book 3 mid-week nights or more and... getting a remodeled 4/3 Rent to Own Home in Saint Lucie Florida ready. New Windows, Doors, & Paint! For Rent in Chula Vista, CA 91910 3br, $1,650 Available Oct 1st. Beautfully remodeled .. For Rent in Chula Vista, CA 91910 2br, $1,250 Available Oct 1st. Beautifully remodeled.. the bathroom n den are still gettin remodeled grrrrr.... House for sale in Carlisle, OH, remodeled, covered breezeway. 98,500 - 3BR/1BA 9/28 Remodeled studio available NOW! Call for move-in specials!! (belmont) $1099 Newark City Schools celebrates a ribbon-cutting at the newly remodeled Ben Franklin Elementary, 6:30 pm tonight. Free Classifieds: $3,000 Weekly - No Experience Needed!: Recently remodeled, The Home Income A.. 103 Red Cedar Dr. Goose Creek SC, completely remodeled.FOR SALE. & then go to "OUR FOR SALE". John Is Amazing...He has remodeled my Whole House! I LOVE YOU BABE! XoXoXo 1106 Carverwood Dr. Charleston SC, completely remodeled. FOR SALE. & then, "OUR FOR SALE". Got ideas?! Get some at this event!!! Showcase of Remodeled Homes :: HBA Come to "2009 Fall Showcase of Remodeled Homes" Saturday, October 3 from 12:00 pm to 3:00 pm: Showcase of Remodeled Homes :: HBA Showcase of Remodeled Homes :: HBA For Sale By Owner! Newly Remodeled 3BR 2BA Home in Glendale, CA 91201 Florida tropical paradise! 2/1 Cottage home completely remodeled and re-landscaped. I checked out The Lounge's remodeled main room this weekend. Looks good. 2nd floor unit w/remodeled kitchen & bath, easy access to & (mountain view) $1100 1bd Totally just walked into the men's bathroom at work, took a second to realize where i was & that they hadn't remodeled while i was on leave Condo for sale in Seal Beach, CA, PV view-Remodeled Kitchen & ba. 189950 - 1BR/1BA 729sf 9/28 Remodeled 1bed/1bath in quiet building (belmont) $1150 1bd: We have a spacious and quiet 1 bedroom/1 bath
God forbid non-MFA-holding people edit a literary magazine. Worse, still, that it's being digitized. /SARCASM LEVEL 12/ Digitized fresh-thinking database is at the digital distribution summit just waiting to be digitized is at the digital distribution summit just waiting to be digitized This is cool. Google Books has digitized every Life Magazine weekly - from 1936 to '72. Digitized maximized internet solution ugh! trying to figure out when the ehrhardt typeface was digitized and by who ...then Ill be done with this thing About to finish making another digitized book at work! Shuffle got too incongruous for me; it was a romance. Playlist love. Making progress on Vegas. Am I ready to tackle the digitized Tunnel Singer videos? Maybe I had better just do still photos and music first! Free Mondays (9/28/09): Welcome to FREE Mondays! Each week we focus on all of the newly digitized books you can.. Free Mondays (9/28/09): Welcome to FREE Mondays! Each week we focus on all of the newly digitized books you can.. I digitized drawings and made logos in Adobe Illustrator, designed letterhead, and added dogs to four Monoprints. Here's the digitized copy of my clipboard design: I survived an onslaught of hundreds of sweaty, digitized men. Find out how! We ensure that digitized data is available for operational & research applications to the host country, researchers & scientists. Read.gov Launches from Library of Congress, Numerous Features including Digitized Books Nice!! Read.gov Launches from Library of Congress, Numerous Features including Digitized Books and an Episodic Story Almost 60,000,000 digitized historical images/document, some free, some for subscription/fee. Sen. Richard Russell's boyhood collection of baseball cards is online; nearly 1000 Deadball Era cards digitized The percentage of books in european national archives that have been digitized: 1% wow. google books has digitized the entire back catalog of LIFE's weekly run (~1900 issues). this is how you know we're way to digitized - everyone is updating their status with info on the tornado. im listening to some bomb oldies on pandora. sometimes i grow weary of hearing basic digitized syncopation, doctored vocals, & a 3 word hook maybe selena should have added headfirst to her album. its a lot better than what i've heard so far. she doesn't sound so digitized. this digitized 3-d aliean on american dad is tweekin me out watching The National Parks on dad's new HD tv. The old photos are amaaazing! glass plate negs, digitized and in HD. technology old & new Google Books digitized entire run of Life Magazine Pretty cool to look for the issue that came out when I was born Video that I've digitized over the years. My budget is somewhere around $5, so I'm not sure how that might change things... Keep my digitized medical records in the US The best thing about working on the desktop computer is its location next to the "yet to be digitized" CD pile. New music to hear. after the movie, there are 25 pics from 94 that were digitized. Yeah the Disney collection.I digitized all DVD's to avoid kids scratching and stored in my 'datacenter' not in face of wife Georgia: 'Southern digitized, online. Historic newspapers are a fountain of Just heard that Google digitized all the LIFE editions. Nice. Just digitized a wonderful roll of super8 footage. Methinks Fuji Velvia may oust Kodachrome in saturation and overall hues. watched Revolution OS--a documentary about free software movement and open source--on Netflix streaming... the Revolution will be Digitized Digitized didactic leverage you should try paperholics anonymous (seriously NYT-like digitized archives should be the answer) The Smithsonian Institute has digitized a bunch of old seed catalogs and put them online, very cool: ...and truly terrifying digitized noises coming from the creep upstairs...AND house music blasting from somewhere else...6:30 AM SATURDAY. Digitized clear-thinking alliance 1900 digitized issues of LIFE magazine available at Google Books. Thank you, Google! Michigan Archives Offers Digitized Ewing Collection of Civil War Letters, "Life in the Trench and at Home" - Early German music in Philadelphia ..: Book digitized by Google from the library of Harvard University and uplo.. If you were under the impression that my education has become mostly-digitized... nope. Still as old-fashioned as it ever was. OMG yes I thought the same thing. I'd so post it if he was digitized out! Ugh.
these socks have mustaches on them. these socks will be mine. I'm even thinking about doing the Mustaches vs Cancer... But if I had choice it would definitely be Flow > Stache. Monday count--ironic mustaches:2, clumsy spasms: 27, lessons on how to best attack a black bear: 1. Big day. Registration is open for Mustaches vs. Cancer! Help us to fight pediatric cancer and pledge! check out Mustaches vs Cancer in What do you think about joining us for the Mustaches vs. Cancer charity? FOR THE REST OF THE NIGHT I WILL BE ADDING MUSTACHES TO ALL MY EMOTICONS~* :}) mustaches are to form, but the donations need some help! help some great local foundations. mustaches are to form, but the donations need some help! help some great local foundations. American Mustache Institute: (plays music... but there are mustaches) getting psyched for Check out: "The Progressive Electorate:: Monday Night Links - Mustaches, ACORN and Health Reform" That's an album (or autobiography) title if I've ever heard one: Mustaches and Strawberries For the weekly video conference, our team will wear fake noses, eyeglasses, and mustaches. We couldn't look any worse. Mustaches? Back yet? I am not sure but I am slowly growing mine just in case. Spanish girls with mustaches A constant in any Ken Burns' movie is the abundance of awesome mustaches. Thanks girl! Hipster wy to help the kids! Luv it! Reg is open 4 Mustaches vs. Cancer! Pls Reg is open for Mustaches vs. Cancer! Help us fight pediatric cancer & pledge to grow! What does it mean to be mature? Id like to know.I know plenty of kids ith mustaches Hipster way to help the kids! Love it! Reg is open for Mustaches vs. Cancer! a boy drew mustaches on my collage on the cover of my binder, I was so upset, justin seems like the perfect boy. Bwaaaah I still hate u for saying ur eyebrows looks like 2 mustaches.... SMH!!! I wish mine just look like pubs-brows Patches mustaches!! Is that because the fin-aid office is playing instead of talking to you, or because mustaches are awesome? I think all of CITM should just grow facial hair specifically mustaches OMG. has grown a mustaches. He looks soo cute! Mustaches make everything better. That's why Super Troopers is best Lizards movie. It contains highest concentration of 'stache. Excited to rock a 'stache this year! Registration is open for Mustaches vs. Cancer! (via Mustaches are too cool. Even cooler than raspberry The workers of staples are so mustache-ist! just because we have mustaches on doesnt mean we are going to rob the place. yeesh! I would hope so, but perhaps mustaches are redeeming qualities for them... Registration is open 4 Mustaches vs. Cancer! Help us fight pediatric cancer and pledge to grow! Fun with mustaches! (click my ads i need monies!) Guys don't kill people. People with mustaches do. 80's dating video montage. Men with amazing mustaches just wanna have fun! Registration is open for Mustaches vs. Cancer! The laundry mat has a vending machine w/molester mustaches for 50cents...Meet Chester the molester and the perv Add some stache to your flow. Registration is open for Mustaches vs. Cancer! Some men just dont look good with mustaches... sorry. Registration open! Mustaches vs. Cancer! Help fight pediatric cancer! Pledge to grow! PLZ Registration is open for Mustaches vs. Cancer! Help us to fight pediatric cancer and pledge to grow! THIS! Registration is open for Mustaches vs. Cancer! Help us to fight pediatric cancer and pledge to grow! THIS! Diet, Beard, Hidden Hair, Mustaches = The good life The laundry mat has a vending machine w/molester mustaches for 50cents...Meet Chester the molester and the perv Withh autumn, we gots marvelous mustaches. ... In pols class: "you should grow a mustache and on the last day of class ask if you and the prof can rub mustaches..." Bought a pack of mustaches today at the dollar store. Wearing one of them right now. Makes me feel..manly. YOUR jealous. I'm a sucker for a stache Movember!! Groovy mustaches are almost-a-coming..I love November. I tend not to trust men with bih animated mustaches Movember!! Groovy mustaches are almost-a-coming..I love November.
ORGANIZE & CENTRALIZE,IN THE POSITIVE WAY OF UPLIFTING ONE ANOTHER. they writes laws in order 2 centralize power & to be interpreted as such Hi, I see that you should be looking at a centralize server. Are you interested into hearing what IBM has to offer? DoD keeps social strategy decentralized. Should associations centralize it or follow this course? DoD keeps social strategy decentralized. Should associations try to centralize it or follow this course? U may call same number for all Medical Supply donations. This is 4 d to centralize all medical requests.-PMA Pres. Brazilian mining giant to centralize global data centers Setting up a blog to centralize all my marketing consulting. Should be up and running by October 1. Planning one, too, on the show. We can merge to centralize still confused. Community should centralize not fragment. centralize control over litmus test for Freedom among employees. A blog is still your social media hub where you centralize all the other soc media How to communize a free country 1) centralize power 2) disarm citizens 3) control ALL money 4) destroy free market 5) control ALL heath care guys let's centralize our so we know whats happening and where everything's going. ateneo tomorrow for the QC people REPOST (from Mikey): KATIPUNAN PEOPLE ! CENTRALIZE DONATIONS TO THE ATENEO COVERED Katipunan/UP people: Centralize donations to Ateneo Covered need more blankets shoes canned goods. manpower reqd. Katipunan/UP people: Centralize donations to Ateneo Covered more blankets shoes. manpower reqd: those who can bring goods to areas. No tests => want to minimize amount of code centralize functionality and concentrate on core. Less points of failure.. someone has to step up with the authority to centralize all the relief ops in ateneo. "Now you can centralize, create, control and manage blogs at your institution with ease" EdublogsCampus "Now you can centralize, create, control and manage blogs at your institution with ease" EdublogsCampus Hildebrandt says new biz model is to centralize the new law firm around client needs <-um, yes, that wd be service Buy Owner Taps Intelestream Solution to Centralize CRM Functionality Reading: Buy Owner Taps Intelestream Solution to Centralize CRM Functionality: The integrated CRM solut.. SchoolStream helps your district digitalize, centralize and provide uninterrupted access to critical information and resources. Buy Owner Taps Intelestream Solution to Centralize CRM Functionality: By Rajani Baburajan, TMCnet Contributor I.. Skype for Business has some pretty cool features now: Create accounts, assign numbers, centralize SkypeOut credit & subscriptions... hmm.. now that im all syncd with gmail and all.. I want to configure everything in apple mail to centralize it. blah. i jst want it synched! Sidewiki: how Google is trying to take interactivity away from the source and centralize it "I see danger. Google is trying to take interactivity away from the source and centralize it. This..." Neil Barrett to Centralize Production - Women's Wear Daily: Neil Barrett to Centralize ProductionWomen's Wear DailyThe design.. Concordo com Jeff Jarvis: "Google is trying to take interactivity away from the source and centralize it" Google mimicking Microsoft and trying to take interactivity away from the source and centralize it - Google mimicking Microsoft and trying to take interactivity away from the source and centralize it - Enmax launches campaign on transmission lines The never-ending centralize/regionalize debate Advice on how a global organization should manage country by country in public social: eg Twitter and FB? Centralize or not? International Campus-New building will centralize, connect all things international at University of Richmond: 101: Pick 1 business segment as point. Define services offered. Centralize. Grow with demand. mmmmaybe. That trick is bound to stop working once they centralize and microchipify our gaikokujin cards Google is trying to take interactivity away from the source and centralize it. Google is trying to take interactivity away from the source and centralize it / new sidewiki is ungoogley by Centralize biolab oversight: GAO. The Scientist Related in EHP
high school of the movies-Where are the jocks pounding the geeks and their taped together glasses?The wild public sex?The pothead councilor? Be the change u want 2 c in the world. Theme of local councilor training in Morib. Youth for Change, we all r the agent for change! Eye On Albuquerque: Crossing the Line: Councilor Ken Sanchez is well known for being a major of The A.. City councilor sacrifices salary to balance budget: A Farmington city councilor has decided to give up his sala.. Otw 2 Morib 4 Local Councilor frm Sept 29 to Oct 1. Wil b there to learn n equipe ourselves 2 b a competent, capable n committed councilor After meeting w/ city councilor's representatives, I am unhappy that Adam Giambrone hasn't been more open to negotiate about Dundas st west. Release of Mayor and Councilor Candidate Packets for March, 2010 Regular Municipal Election: Section 4.03 of th.. Controversy continues over $1.8 million firehouse for the pier, councilor hoping for less expensive plan Hello, is there a way to Download the councilor form for applications? I cant find it. Had to explain the entirety of typeface design to my councilor this morning. Blew her mind. Getting excited about next year's ALA Councilor ballot. Yes, I realize that sounds crazy, but you'll see what I mean soon. Fire injures teen at Astoria city councilor's house Release of Mayor and Councilor Candidate Packets for March, 2010 Regular Municipal Election: Mayor and Councilo.. Spoke to my local Labour councilor today - "Not in Brighton for Lab09 then?" I ask "Why would I want to go to THAT" he spate. Proper Labour Don't Pay Me! A Farmington Ciy Councilor gives up his $10,000 salary to help out the city budget. Join us on KRQE New ... Don't Pay Me! A Farmington Ciy Councilor gives up his $10,000 salary to help out the city budget. Join us on KRQE News 13 at Noon. Wheee lala is Sara your class councilor or sth? I kinda followed her :B If anyone knows a powerful person from San Pedro, Mayor, Councilor or whoever please let them know. Thanks. Please If anyone knows a powerful person from San Pedro, Mayor, Councilor or whoever please let them know. Thanks. Please I dislike the councilor at the school I go to, it took me sometime to find a therapist I like and trust. You aren't him. Hsinchu Held Councilor Meeting today 28th.Sept I am here to listen, i have am a couples councilor Sophal Corruption Counselor, sure you don't mean anti-corruption councilor, or counceler? or are they teaching how to best work a scheme. If you agree With " Plan - It " being accepted & approved call & or email your alderman /councilor Monday Morning ....#yyc Kaohsiung councilor wants nationality investigations - Waiting for an answer from the humane society about my application for pet adoption councilor. Met a young councilor fr marilao bulacan, my grandfather's hometown. He said the flood has subsided but many houses were destroyed. TO Councilor Giambrone on unhealthy rail link Xbox Live: sluggishmemo is currently Online. Playing Fallout 3. Level 11 Capital Councilor. (Xbox Live Nation) New bishop equals recent high councilor to Maplewood Ward equals I am predisposed to love him. In case you're considering for AuckCity Mayor, he is thought to have lined Sue Bradford up as a key councilor... Foster his calorie. Our cooperative councilor is friendly. What am I running for? The Poker Platform, I hope. Councilor Grundy? I like the sound of that. Spotted: Councilor Nev having a fag outside his florist. Pque residents HELP. pls drop off donations at Mayor Bernabe's house at TAHANAN VILLAGE . . ty - as per councilor rico golez i remember melbourne city councilor proposing a beach on the yarra a while back. this is not too far off I think it's time bella saw a grief councilor. fred has been dead for over a year now. Brighton Centered: Councilor Ciommo Running Reconnaissance for ...: In the newly-released emails, Allston-Brigh.. Brighton Centered: Councilor Ciommo Running Reconnaissance for ... A councilor friend from cebu provided dinner and accommodation, we were booked for a 4:25am flight to Manila Councilor Edcel Greco Lagman's relief for Ondoy's victims: please contact Chrish to donate at 09052643410 Mandaluyong worker nabbed for stealing P15 million: Police arrested Thursday the chief of staff of a city councilor for Interesting conversation with a former councilor last night - trucked water and sewage costs the city $1 million per year just mountain climbing,take it easy! and thanks Taipei city councilor CHING YUAN LEE us and yushan climbing with us ^_^ Kaohsiung KMT councilor's win void on dual citizenship: - The Central Election Commission (CEC) Let's Councilor Alan Bucao for MAYOR in Talisay City!
I'll bet! Try not to scandalize the old dears, please? :) lol. Have you thought any more about your "I'm falling for him" problem? Off to the gym to get sweaty and scandalize more coworkers with "aggressive nudity". *hattip to Travis* ;) There were prostitution games for Atari! That alone would scandalize and bankrupt a company today. Grr. The '80s seem saner! Ew Serena. What is up with these shows?! Are they trying to out-scandalize one another? :smirk: Did I scandalize you, darlin'? :smirk: I scandalize Catholics everywhere with that expletive. The lusts and greeds of the body scandalize the Soul but it has to come to heel. -Logan Pearsall Smith people will say r do 2 get dat paper even scandalize sum1s name but tell dem hoes lol :) ... WEIRD: Pee-Wee Herman Now on Twitter - You remember Paul Reubens, right? Actually, you probably know the scandalize... WEIRD: Pee-Wee Herman Now on Twitter - You remember Paul Reubens, right? Actually, you probably know the scandalize... WEIRD: Pee-Wee Herman Now on Twitter - You remember Paul Reubens, right? Actually, you probably know the scandalize... WEIRD: Pee-Wee Herman Now on Twitter - You remember Paul Reubens, right? Actually, you probably know the scandalize... WEIRD: Pee-Wee Herman Now on Twitter - You remember Paul Reubens, right? Actually, you probably know the scandalize... WEIRD: Pee-Wee Herman Now on Twitter - You remember Paul Reubens, right? Actually, you probably know the scandalize... WEIRD: Pee-Wee Herman Now on Twitter - You remember Paul Reubens, right? Actually, you probably know the scandalize... WEIRD: Pee-Wee Herman Now on Twitter - You remember Paul Reubens, right? Actually, you probably know the scandalize... WEIRD: Pee-Wee Herman Now on Twitter - You remember Paul Reubens, right? Actually, you probably know the scandalize... Praise God, I didn't scandalize family/friends on radio this a.m., & some people actually listened & liked it! Blog to come. PUT YOUR TRUST IN GOD, EVEN WHEN THEY TALK BAD OR SCANDALIZE YOUR NAME..NO1 IS WITHOUT FAULT..GOD IS THE FINAL AUTHORITY
Not 2 belabor it, but a 30MB overhead for Air, and the INCREDIBLE amount of junk files generated because TD uses I.E. OK, not to belabor the point, but this is almost perfect weather. I hope I'm not jinxing it. yes yes I know, I'm wonderful. You don't have to belabor the point Ok, time for an Ambien & then bed. I have Algebra at 7:45am! Not to belabor this, but it's my 1st day of school in ten freakin' years! Why are SNL skits too long? Laziness. It takes less imagination to belabor fewer ideas. Not to belabor the convo- yes, you were def blessed -with good (amazing) genes! loving family wise coaches ambition all = EC17!! :D Agreed! not to belabor, it's rare, but to recognize and take true predatory aggression seriously if ever see it. not to belabor, it's rare, but to recognize and take true predatory aggression seriously if ever see it. can the Edmonton Oilers play-by-play guy belabor the lousy referee point a few times more please? it's a preseason game. Re-lax. The people in this class belabor their points. sorry but it would seem inch,kg,spd of light, pitch of etc. Do not exist. Else why belabor indstry stnd? The point is: I'm not actually completely deaf, I don't need moneymaking opps, and I will belabor a point to a meandering death. Night. Not to belabor the point, but did you see Polanco turn the double play on that off throw by inge. He is a great fielder (dont want to belabor, but) then after the is paid, local gov then becomes "Landlord"? meanwhile both L/C shackled?
CERV mobilizes for flood victims Cebu mobilizes to aid storm-hit Metro Manila, Luzon (ABS-CBNNEWS ... Cebu mobilizes to aid storm-hit Metro Manila, Luzon (ABS-CBNNEWS ... Allianz Global Investors Distributors Mobilizes Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007 With Pyxis Mobile: Pyxi.. [PHILIPPINES] Cebu mobilizes to aid storm-hit Metro Manila, Luzon [Regions] Cebu mobilizes to aid storm-hit Metro Manila, Luzon Cebu mobilizes to aid storm-hit Metro Manila, Luzon: CEBU CITY - Different sectors in Cebu are coming together .. i love how God mobilizes his people to act for national transformation.'Pinas is for JESUS! Petron, Shell mobilizes resources to help - Navotas mobilizes rescue units in the aftermath of MERKEL MOBILIZES THE RIGHT - Javno.hr ThinkLikeABlackBelt: Worry & doubt sap energy. True fear mobilizes self defense & survival skills. Video: Rally mobilizes concerned citizens Religious Right Mobilizes to Counter Muslim Prayer bigots&racial bigots The Left mobilizes against honor: New Blog Post: Religious Right Mobilizes to Counter Muslim Prayer Rally's "Dark ... Religious Right Mobilizes to Counter Muslim Prayer Rally's "Dark ... Religious Right Mobilizes To Fight Muslim Prayer Rally Religious Right Mobilizes to Counter Muslim Prayer Rally's "Dark Spiritual Intent" || Intolerant fools! Religious Right Mobilizes to Counter Muslim Prayer Rally's "Dark Spiritual Intent" Religious Right Mobilizes to Counter Muslim Prayer Rally's "Dark ... Blog: Religious Right Mobilizes to Counter Muslim Prayer Rally's "Dark Spiritual Intent": Earlier today I&n.. Religious Right Mobilizes to Counter Muslim Prayer Rally's "Dark Spiritual Intent" Religious Right Mobilizes to Counter Muslim Prayer Rally's "Dark Spiritual Intent" New York League of Humane Voters mobilizes public concern for through the democratic political process. Japhet: Just founded which mobilizes people to do what is right and fix what is wrong. que alegria no vivir mas en fachalandia Blog: Religious Right Mobilizes To Fight Muslim Prayer Rally New blog post! By - Equal Justice Works Mobilizes the Next Generation of Public Interest Lawyers Blog: Religious Right Mobilizes To Fight Muslim Prayer Rally: A few weeks back, we noted that there is a na.. Religious Right Mobilizes To Fight Muslim Prayer Rally Augmented reality: MIT grad student mobilizes computing on any surface. U.N. summit mobilizes political momentum for ambitious Copenhagen deal ''fear and caution are two different things... fear only paralyzes, while consciousness mobilizes'' Why take a chance? Mt. Washington mobilizes against a freeway tunnel that may never (via Gov. mobilizes add'l resources4 RedFlag wx in SoCal Full CALFIRE staffing mut. aid mobilization Gov. mobilizes add'l resources for Red Flag wx in So. Cal. Full CAL FIRE staffing mut. aid mobilization. Global Public Health Mobilizes to Confront H1N1 Flu Outbreak: Disease Brings Preparedness to Forefront: H1N1 inf.. Why take a chance? Mt. Washington mobilizes against a freeway tunnel that may never Global Public Health Mobilizes to Confront H1N1 Flu Outbreak Gov. mobilizes additional firefighting resources as hot weather approaches
was hella sick live. So was tides of man. is next. Let's hope it's good live. I'm a skeptic. I'm actually going to be posting a blog on atheism soon, I'll make sure to let you know when I do. Ghosts.... I'm skeptic. I am a skeptic. Don't think I'll live to enjoy parity. Spotligh Behind the Furor Over a Climate Change Skeptic - New York Times: Behind the Furor Over a Clima.. At first I was shocked, then dissappointed, then depressed, then reluctant, then accepting, then skeptic, and now I'm pissed off and over it I'm a bible addict .. I am no addict. But have read it cover to cover a few times. Actually I am a skeptic.. in most things. So how much "change" has occurred thus far under the Obamo administration? I'm not a skeptic but i want results please I am a somewhat skeptic Dr. Jack Bruder Behind the Furor Over a Climate Change Skeptic - New York Times: Behind the Furor Ov.. Missed Big Bang Theory again! :) Sharing the SoMe love with a skeptic is it! I'm no empty vessel when it comes to 'warming theories.' I want facts and I want every single scientist to agree. Until then, I'm skeptic. Ohhh you know I'm just a skeptic! ha Benefits of Vaccination Joseph Albietz - YouTube - Benefits of Vaccination Joseph Albietz - YouTube - becoming a skeptic... thank you. I am a diehard skeptic and will be surprised if they really do go through with it. love this: Doubting others makes you a skeptic, doubting yourself makes you insane. ~M.E. Singularity and other mind-blowing stuff - Michael Vassar interviewed on Skeptic's Guide - at 26:20. it's so easy to look stuff up now... The Internet has turned me into a major skeptic. About everything. 4 Skeptical Podcasters Signed Photo up for bid. Help The Skeptic Zone : 4 Skeptical Podcasters Signed Photo up for bid. Help The Skeptic Zone : skeptic... it's so easy to look stuff up now... The Internet has turned me into a major skeptic. About everything. that's true. it's the skeptic in me... "Change Player Size"Watch this video in a new window"That Mitchell and Webb Look: Homeopathic A&E" - how come we don't have skeptic trailer on our new website? : ) love the new website. can't wait until you on the east coast again Ouch. Skeptic. Sure, people read case studies. But it takes much skill & flair to make them want to. See If you could place Google free? OK, call me a skeptic... If ... my uncle claims that since its been sealed off it'll die in the hole...I'm a skeptic. If you could place Google free? OK, call me a skeptic... Realist - an idealist who has gone through the fire and been purified. Skeptic - an idealist who has gone through the fire and been burned. Dover race was good. Wife's first in person. She liked it. Wants to go to more. She was always a skeptic, it won her over. Feeling great with MaxGXL. I am a skeptic but this supplement is awesome! :o They're so cool! I was skeptic at first, but I love her voice! I love Move... that intro is so awesome! appears you're not the only Prop4 skeptic: Just posted blog w my arguments AGAINST it. Just watched The It'd better but I'm skeptic on whether this film will raise John Doe's awareness on claim to be a skeptic? here's a read "Stay 40 WITHOUT diet or exercise." Win a free copy here: Stinker is a skeptic? :) Reading: "Rejection of Pascal\\\'s Wager: A Skeptic\\\'s Guide to Christianity" Let the skeptic democratic lawmakers but on a uniform give them a gun and go to Afghanistan for a week with no back up from our troops I'm in love with a traitor and a skeptic. I'd trade her. I'd trade her in a second. Last weekend made this skeptic into a believer of the utility of GPS. jus saw the the preview to the new freddy movie, I am a bit of a skeptic on it. looks a like it might flop ... jus saw the the preview to the new freddy movie, I am a bit of a skeptic on it. looks a like it might flop ... "A skeptic without balls is nothing." Would you recommend it to a Muse skeptic? May be true, but still sinister in its handling of 'deniers': How to Talk to a Climate Skeptic Federal skeptic? As a child, Mari Sandoz is left snowblind in one eye after a day spent digging her family's cattle out of a snowbank. A realist is an idealist who has gone through t fire and been purified. A skeptic is an idealist who has gone through t fire and been burned Ken Burns National Parks reviewed by a skeptic -
Holy Cow! Synchronized Cycling on CollegeHumor They should have Wing Olympics. A Teabagathon? Crossburning?||Synchronized Lying!//Team speaking-in-tongues I won the Synchronized achievement in Guitar Hero 5 for 16 trueachievement points Thank you for the compliment. The women were all so gorgeous and synchronized!!!! Amazing. They should have a Wing Olympics. The events? A Teabagathon? Crossburning?||Don't forget Synchronized Lying! They should have a Wing Olympics. The events? A Teabagathon? Crossburning?||Don't forget Synchronized Lying! They should have a Wing Olympics. The events? A Teabagathon? Crossburning?||Don't forget Synchronized Lying! Haha. . . We totally had cross country synchronized naps. If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do all the rest have to drowntoo?? ... Ice Age 2, scene with the slothes dancing is freaking me out. These animals should not be synchronized! OMG I DID IT WAS SYNCHRONIZED HEYYING. I HOPE HE GOT THEM AT THE SAME TIME LMAO Synchronized tweeting. Impressive. Me & gone get married. And we gonna have every person he's taught walk in the wedding doing synchronized orgraphy. the traffic lights should really be synchronized... i mean really... Loving one-way streets with synchronized lights now. apparently, it's the rats' bath time... is synchronized bathing an Olympic yet? I am listening to JOE RINOIE - SYNCHRONIZED LOVE (Red Monster Hyper Mix) DECA also shows off Road Racing, synchronized swimming, Petanque, Tennis, and dodgeball. HOLD UP WAIT A MINUTE PUT A LITTLE LOVE IN IT! *Synchronized head banging* I uploaded a YouTube video -- Father & Son Synchronized Swimming Why can't twitter and Facebook be synchronized? If a synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to as well? I keep my stuff synchronized between a few machines with SVN, don't think Time Machine can crack that problem yet. Tom Petty And The - 08/12/2008 - "Learning To Fly" - Edmonton at Rexall Place [Synchronized Videos] Btw, I still can't get over our synchronized "Because you're awesome?" to Jim. EPIC SHIT RIGHT THERE. Synchronized percussion: yo coursework, i know i need to finish you to get my degree & all but drawing my name to show attributes of a synchronized swimmer is stupid Proof that Oprah has no friends, entire venue with synchronized dancers leaving no room for fans logmsgbot: aaron synchronized php-1.5/extensions/FlaggedRevs/maintenance/updateStats.inc 'deploy 57027' logmsgbot: aaron synchronized php-1.5/extensions/FlaggedRevs/maintenance/updateStats.inc 'deployed r56315' I'd rather combine the two. Muse synchronized to episodes of Lost. Hilarious Synchronized Dance Routine - <--Cool moves!!! Hilarious Synchronized Dance Routine - Loving this sandwich-eating couple across from me. Synchronized sandwich chomping is somehow charming on them Synchronized napping. I love my triple-with-walls. site also big actionplan ads. Synchronized, ad spending seems to be accelerating. Wonder if budget is incrsd If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too? ... Synchronized swimming plays a central role in Marx's historical dialectic New Synchronized Hammer Throw At Brown Peoples; Cross-Country Census-Taker Chase ... Just saw a troupe of chavs doing synchronized dancing outside of the office tonight. Fuckin-A Synchronized into a directory, manual GitHub pushing/pulling You do manual git distribution of locally synchronized notes, or you found some add-in that automates it? We still haven't introduced synchronized breaks to quite all tourneys. Getting there, but you must have found an old-style one. if one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too? ha, will do. ps. holy crap!!! *synchronized-mutual-freakout* how do i make my name look like synchronized swimming????lol New liveset: Synchronized @ The Balkan Connection - Proton Radio 28-09-2009 If one synchronized swimmer drowns, Wow, what I've just said was synchronized (or rhymed?) with one of my TLs! This is the joy of Twitter.
Well, Hillary came out AGAINST feticide against girls last week. She is pro-choice but thinks should be rare and safe. Slidell motorist charged with feticide in death of his unborn son Slidell motorist charged with feticide in death of his unborn son: A 24-year-old Slidell man was indicted on a .. Slidell motorist charged with feticide in death of his unborn son
found the geocache Conifer Strobile
I need to remember to send home lots more info to parents about these kinds of lessons - head off the filter-favorers w. outreach
I have my Halloween costume narrowed down to two options. A 1970's gym teacher, or a lumberjack. Either way, I will have facial hair. Not really,the cilia in his lungs vibrate slower than other people's.he has to nebulize and look aftr self Also it is time for me to go to bed. Somethings are just so sad and pitiful that it is hilarious. So, I'm incredibly excited for tonight's show. Zlam Dunk, Driver F, The Tastydactyls, and Dr. Manhattan. Fuck yeah! still up? Need help regarding administration of medicine/nebulize on pt with a hole on his trachea (term escapes me now) Evacuated to greenhills, cant stand the heat our little baguio residence. No electricity , no water !Gaby and I need to nebulize. i love that song and i wish i had been there Singing Gold Digger at a karaoke bar in front of a hundred people = highlight of my night. I must see the videos that those strangers took. Dear _____, I miss you. Like, a lot. And I never miss people. That is all. I'm listening to music that I loved when I was in seventh grade. Oh god I was an emo little bastard. said they're always more than willing to nebulize me if I need it Hey I want to win. Took some much needed advice and slept through the night. Am about to nebulize, shower, and head to campus. Class @ 10 but hw beforehand. :) I want to be a shiksa. at the doctor with my daughter. they think that she might have asthma because they see that she is wheezing, so they gave her a nebulize ... I need a fellow like Lloyd Dobler. Oh boy oh boy oh boy I just got my I ordered earlier this month. I am so excited. Dropped $40 on some new headphones. Spontaneously. It was so thrilling. I just want to be a winner. nebulize me, captain! il take a nap muna..both me and ivan didn't sleep well last nyt,round the clock ang pag nebulize sa kanya...
Debris removal ,janitorials, winterizations,lawnservices and much more check out a few services we offer @ Winterizations have begun! doing winterizations and then idk ... Monday marks the official of winterizations of your irrigation systems, Temps are cooling right down and... Time to sign up for fall services. Call for fall cleanups, fall shrub trimming, and sprinkler winterizations. 248-426-9108
Word. don't want to overgeneralize, but everything about modern and postmodern is fascinating and makes me stoked. I don't want to overgeneralize, but basically everything about modern and postmodern is completely fascinating and makes me stoked. :-)
Hun, your colorings are priceless!! You're one of a kind who can make so amazing colours! :D - aww, i love it. dude you always do the bestest colorings ever! :D OMG!! thank you so much! you don't know how much i look up to you! i am speechless right now :D the colorings are flawless!
Phuh-quad Latest honoree: Univision for cutting the greatest love scene in telenovela history in HALF! Family! On 10.24.09 i'm an Honoree at The Kingdom Choice Awards 4 a Lifetime Achievement. Peace Family! On 10.24.09 I am an Honoree at The Kingdom Choice Awards for a Lifetime Achievement. Log on to Video of EconomyHero David Ingram Author of and CEO Capital TechSearch - Inc 5000 Honoree Video of EconomyHero: Richard Haig CEO of Haig Services Inc 5000 Honoree In-depth interview with Honoree St. Louis opera diva Grace Bumbry honored by the Kennedy Center Whooo hooo, I can't tell you who, but one of my Tweeps just sent me a DM that they are a honoree. I love it!! Talked to Andrea this morning ~ movie is almost finished! NOvember release ... stay tuned! <-- Preview I'm at Brio in Town Square getting ready for professional ladies coaching class 3 of 8 ~ Presidential Time Maximization. Great stuff! This was SO fun! & at a fabulous event - A "Rudy" Sandwich GetFit! Podcast: Getting employees physically and fiscally fit: This year's VSP GetFit Benny honoree... & at a fabulous event - A "Rudy" Sandwich - Very true! When you are disturbed enough with your current situation & have enough pain, then there is enough leverage for change to begin. Mega-hit songwriter Jeffrey Steele will be the honoree & keynote speaker at the Taxi Road Rally this year, check it out Thanks 4 Being Gr8 Peeps~Joy Podcast: Getting employees physically and fiscally fit: This year's VSP GetFit Benny honoree Melissa Hubler, gr.. when you roast someone...the honoree is supposed to agree to it!|Thats not true, that defeats the purpose."/ Success is deciding from the what end result you want and creating the circumstances to realize that result. Thanks for the s lamar betta not, next honoree my ass, keep it on to the next one, not this one why yall keep talking bout that girl thats not nice| Oh boy we might have our next honoree. Lol Here's our honoree 4 this hour's is teflon lol Haaa Here's our honoree for this hour's is teflon lol If we're always looking in the rear view mirror it's hard to keep our eyes on the road ahead. (via Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. (Harriet Beecher Stowe) via Haaa Here's our honoree for this hour's What do you really want? What do you need to give up to get it? List your priorities in their true order. Then get to work! NorCal PGA Pro Steve Menchinella will be honored at "The Langley" event,Sun. Oct 4 at SF Fairmont. He joins fellow honoree, Mr. Ken Venturi. Carousel Ball in Colorado tonight. My Aunt, Arlene Hirschfeld, was the honoree. BabyFace, Wind & Fire and Larry Check out the hip hop honors Out 13th...it was poping....the Honoree is Def Jam so all the def jam was there Foxy Brown was there she lo ... "The reason so few ppl r successful is no one has yet found a way 4 someone to sit down & slide uphill."- W. Clement Stone Talking to the worlds most sober bachelorette honoree. Surprisingly fun. was honored to sit with US Jaycee TOYA honoree Councillor Jacquie Baly Chaumette and her husband David tonight - what a dynamic couple! gee you don't follow me back ;) No honoree NERG title for you - Sorry, have had my head elsewhere lately. Well, this Bill Carlson Gold Circle honoree sounds like quite a guy, interviewing the stars and all- gonna have to check him out. GOLD CIRCLE HONOREE: "Warm, gentle, professional, veteran broadcaster and friend" Bill Carlson, whose TV career spanned 5 decades. GOLD CIRCLE HONOREE: "Warm, gentle, professional, veteran broadcaster and friend" Bill Carlson, whose TV career spanned 5 decades. gee you don't follow me back ;) No honoree NERG title for you SILVER CIRCLE HONOREE: Chester Reiten, accepted by his son. "It still comes down to content. Passionate who care about quality." - Silver Circle Honoree Jane Helmke Ambassador Rice is next honoree of the Phoenix Award. Danny Glover is the first honoree of the Phoenix Award this evening. Not to name names don't care that honoree Danny Glover is giving a speech...SIT DOWN PPL! visited my friend & her baby again on thurs, went to a nice baby shower today where there were 2 pg. women besides the honoree, & 1 baby.
Holiday Home & Office Holiday Gift Guide Above $30 for 2009 - For ...: Electrolyzed water creates two stream..
Federalize or privatize our public universities? RWNJs harp about states' rights all the time, but now want to federalize the system. Ohio PUC - idea to federalize SG regs is very risky, local regulators know consumers, however need more federal-state coordination#gridweek Major Soros/Movon ad campaign coming. Major hypocracy campaign in attempt to federalize US economy
who you know titer than me, riddle me that. Just signed up for titer... oops I mean I mean twizzler... no no I really mean twitter, and this is my first tweet! - look out world! I jsut ask b/c I am convinced tha even though my son's titer for PANDAS was neg he does get worse when heis sick great notion....so they can test everyones titer prior to vaccinating them! Where do these people come from that are doing this? update on the dog- since 2nd surg- at last checkup his titer was the best it has ever been- 1-13 vs 1-140 before surg. my swagger titer then the belt on the last hole that too tit ... cats should not be over-vaccinated, adult cats can get blood tests (titer) to evaluate protection in lieu of vaccine RIICHYUNGMO i got a question for yu female tweeters ??? if yu kno ya pussy titer den a rope say owwwwww no fronting neither RIICHYUNGMO i got a question for yu female tweeters ??? if yu kno ya pussy titer den a rope say owwwwww no fronting neither RIICHYUNGMO i got a question for yu female tweeters ??? if yu kno ya pussy titer den a rope say owwwwww no fronting neither i got a question for yu female tweeters ??? if yu kno ya pussy titer den a rope say owwwwww no fronting neither This morning I went to get the hep b titer. I got the shot instead. I judge not only the health center but also myself for not noticing. yep spiced up the titer page a lil chea titer..freakin TAYLOR LAUTNER was spotted in your area...he went to Chipotles with his on-again off-again GF
Little-known factoid: An EXPIRED I.D. is VALID [inCA] for the purposes of notarization [if issued in the last five years] "An EXPIRED I.D. is VALID [inCA] for the purposes of notarization [if issued in the last five years]"<What about TX? Little-known factoid: An EXPIRED I.D. is VALID [inCA] for the purposes of notarization [if issued in the last five years] Little-known factoid: An EXPIRED I.D. is VALID [inCA] for the purposes of notarization [if issued in the last five years] A photocopy of your drivers license that you "can't really find" won't work as Valid identification for notarization in CA. Little-known factoid: An EXPIRED I.D. is VALID [inCA] for the purposes of notarization [if issued in the last five years] Little-known factoid: An EXPIRED I.D. is VALID [inCA] for the purposes of notarization [if issued in the last five years] Very close to INCing our Rural Urban Network... two signatures, a notarization, and filing at the Sec States offices are the only steps left Little-known factoid: An EXPIRED I.D. is VALID [inCA] for the purposes of notarization [if issued in the last five years]
Mislabeling embryos? What a fail, are you high? that shit is just a thought Mislabeling embryos? What a fail, are you high? Same clinic that made mistake with embryos closed after losing or mislabeling 100 embryos Vending machine gave me he wrong drink. Damn you mislabeling! Woman implanted w/wrong embryo delivers boy 4 bio parents. 2nd clinic closed 4 mislabeling embryo (cont) Woman implanted w/wrong embryo delivers boy 4 bio parents. 2nd clinic closed 4 mislabeling embryos. Will this -> regs? FSIS Recall: Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and an Undeclared Allergen: .. Blog Post: Hospital Shuts Down IVF Lab After Mislabeling Embryos I find your mislabeling of a political opponent a "tyrant" interesting. Mislabeling embryos? Were ther using teeny tiny Post -it notes? Mislabeling embryos? Were they using teeny tiny Posy-its? California Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and Undeclared Allergens: Pampanga Food Corporation.. California Firm Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and Undeclared Allergens New Blog post Hospital Shuts Down IVF Lab After Mislabeling Embryos ... FSIS Recall: California Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and Undeclared Allergens: USDA Recalls: California Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and Undeclared Allergens.. Frick's Quality Meats Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling FSIS Recall: California Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and Undeclared Allergens: .. California Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and Undeclared Allergens: Pampanga Food.. Pls ReTweet Food USA California Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and Undeclared Allerge.. [USDA-FSISNews] California Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling & Undeclared Allergen [USDA-FSISNews] California Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling & Undeclared Allergen Recall Update:: California Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and Undeclared Allergens California Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and Undeclared Allergens [USDA-FSISNews] California Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and Undeclared Aller.. Food USA Missouri Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and an Undeclared Allerg.. FSIS Recall: Missouri Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and an Undeclared Allergen: Missouri Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and an Undeclared Allergen FSIS Recall: Missouri Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and an Undeclared Allergen: .. Recall Update:: Missouri Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and an Undeclared Allergen Recalls: Missouri Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and an Undeclared Allergen.. USDA Recalls: Missouri Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and an Undeclared Allergen.. [USDA-FSISNews] Missouri Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and an Undeclared Alle.. Missouri Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and an Undeclared Allergen [USDA-FSISNews] Missouri Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and an Undeclared Alle.. Missouri Firm Recalls Sausage Products Due to Mislabeling and an Undeclared Allergen: Frick's Quality Meats, a .. I don't think it can be understated how much I hate dumb asses mislabeling shit on the internet. I apologize for mislabeling U: these are the LIBIOTS we are dealing with: "For that he was murdered with his mother only a few feet away." sad mislabeling of teens in America :(
"The Kids "who are free to do what they were intended to do, they're use to HEBREW describing them, correct verbalization is unkown by man Late afternoon words: airplane, verbalization, delicacy, haggard. "Choops!" which is the verbalization of sucking one's teeth Good mindmapping helps you move beyond the linear and make associations that you may not have made just through verbalization
I hate the bastardization of Emerson as a bunch of sentimental quips. Motherfuckers! Maybe they were expecting you to sound like that, or some other valley pattern bastardization. The bastardization being mine of course. :) It's a bastardization of many words meaning cold enough to erect the nipples. bastardization of authentic culinary experiences in America is A-OK by me. its a little something called "cultural diffusion" or "Taco Bell" the tagalog word for freedom is apparently some bastardization of catalan. SHIT I DON'T CARE ABOUT He blames Jews for slavery , black addiction , racism , and the bastardization of black culture. I know those by Arial is but a bastardization of Helvetica. The bastardization of the English language on the internet is terrible. What is worse is that when you confront the bastard they ad hom you The end of RE5 is an absolute bastardization of anything and everything any fan could possibly want. crapcom fucked us all. yeah it really is. it's not like a bastardization of it.. i think they got it right. no fair... I like all of the amendments AND 1 section 8... Before bastardization of the "elastic clause" Modern religion is a terrible bastardization of what it used to mean. Procrastinating by thinking about a WWII vampire movie. It'll be really tasteful, except for the vampires and bastardization of history. he makes bastardization of English palatable I just think that my pure image of child loving Disney is now tarnished by a new bastardization. I look at new Disney and puke High School Musical song in X Factor? Double.. no triple barf. Good god I can feel my cynical bastardization springing into action... For the record, I love the word "bastardization." Luv Michael Moore, but he's wrong in new movie. Problem is not capitalism; it's the bastardization of capitalism by the RW NJs. I have 2 Native American-related twitters following me. I'm just wondering, what made them choose a Syrian-Korean bastardization to follow? I share the same sentiment. yogachips - will the bastardization of yoga become analogous to that of ayurveda or organic? its a great way to end the book of Revelations too. In fact this bastardization is what happened to the book of Job. Is it a bastardization of an app to make it look and operate the same as the version? NO, MACY'S, YOU MAY NOT USE "COME TOGETHER" IN A COMMERCIAL. ugh the bastardization of the beatles continues....#postsecret That's true - Thomas said that Marxism was a bastardization to true Christian communism. is in honor of today being 3 months until xmas, singing to himself the Simpson bastardization of "Jingle Bells"... That "Whatcha Say" song is catchy. Despite the fact that it's an utter bastardization of 's Hide & Seek. I just love her more. I just re-watched it last week and my opinion improved. The bastardization of DeadPool still sucks, but the rest is pretty decent. Protestors "advocating against capitalism" @ G20 Sumit >prob is the bastardization of capitalism because it's an offensive terrible bastardization of the original product? mario bros video game vs mario bros movie I think "ratchet" is a bastardization of "wretched." That's what happens when ghetto people learn a new word. "Kahane-movement-associated site?" if it was - I would be very proud - the bastardization of Kahane's ideas was suicide at best The U.N. was great in original theory, but now it's become a power grabbing, U.S. bashing, unruly bastardization in reality. "The love I bear thee can afford no better term than this: thou a villain!" - a beautiful bastardization of Shakespeare. whoa. improper use of an apostrophe. many apologies for the bastardization of a common punctuation mark. I don't think they're afraid of change, but rather dislike the bastardization of the story or ignoring what's in the score. Can someone put forward a bill to limit or eliminate these "czars? What a bastardization of the separation of powers. Sensationalism is the bastardization of journalism, and your power rankings make Jerry Springer look like Walter Cronkite. The numeric value deemed "a googol" has now been destroyed by it's bastardization. It should be re-named. The numeric value deemed "a google" has now been destroyed by it's bastardization. It should be re-named. intellectually stimulating tweets? to your horrific bastardization of the english language! Okay, this is total bastardization of air hockey: and so ends the bastardization of the judicial system:
The Anathematized blessing... Type Amongst Yourselves We define new culture with our anathematized mingling of bodies, merging of liquids--the Imaginal seams of our City-state blur in our sweat.
hope we can have modularized ui components installation in 1.2 :) Web committee modularized and formed/due to be submitted today.
If you're off work already then I think Grey Goose is a very appropriate friday pluralization of mongoose. if you say "mines" there is NO pluralization needed! Ex: "That book is MINE" not mines. (I don't think a lot of p if you say "mines" there is NO pluralization needed! Ex: "That book is MINE" not mines. (I don't think a lot of ppl know this) possessive vs. pluralization, yet another mystery to the mind of the average American. Pluralization of athletes: "when you have the Peyton Mannings of the world". There's more than one? Why can my team get one? wtf are 'breastses'?...that shit is not a word. learn your pluralization principles. wtf, man. Is "Boomkin" its own plural, or does pluralization require the addition of an "s"? Augh! Stop pronouncing it "fun-jye!" It's fungi! With a nice hard g sound! It's not a funjus, people. Simple Latin pluralization. i want to have a rainy day movie fest, but instead will study colors, clothing and pluralization in Russian!
Sassy, a dachshund has more frustrating issue of ear margin dermatosis/seborrhea; crusting & necrosis at the ear edges
Happy Dussehra and make peace with the ravana inside u channelize towards wrks tht make a difference..Nice! Wishing a happy dussehra to all my beloved tweeters .... make peace with the ravana inside u channelize towards wrks tht make a difference ! Wishing a happy dussehra to all my beloved tweeters .... make peace with the ravana inside u channelize towards wrks tht make a difference trying to channelize my (random) thoughts! Everyone go out and channelize something you love tonight. This is a great word. Using it on my cv. Does 'Twitter' channelize our 'stalking' tendencies into a more acceptable form ? I'm trying to decide if it's a good thing or a threat if someone wants to channelize you. Don't chanelize something when you mean to channelize it. It's a real word! But this person was not using it right, I don't think. Everyone go out and channelize something you love tonight. I learned this word on a resume today: "channelize"! how to channelize kids energy positively?
1-octadecylamine on W|A. Looks like they included gravity in the minimization algorithm? [pic] Stochastic Methods for L1 Reg. Loss Minimization: Yes! iTunes went back to small box minimization. I was going to file a complaint (I wasn't going to file a complaint). Downside Minimization Model vs. Upside Oriented Model Downside Minimization Model vs. Upside Oriented Model (Venture Investing) New release: Energy Minimization Methods in Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (Lecture Notes in Computer Science.. New release: Energy Minimization Methods in Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (Lecture Notes in Computer Science.. how to pick an idea: Jeff Bezzos' Regret Minimization Framework puts on the bottom of the list those you won't regret not doing 100th anniv of PIP dedication (Sunday) - great preservation for NY & NJ my GWB traffic minimization strategy - Minimization of gov't regulation. Utah just opened second health care exchange in nation. Balancing empowerment and cooperation, through minimization of limits to personal choice while maintaining order Implemented Levenbery-Marquardt minimization algo for Homography refining after RANSAC! Now detection process should be a lot more stable! Finally finished implementing RANSAC algo for Homography correction. Now need to add Levenbery-Marquardt minimization for the result ;-) Organize your estate in 16 steps: Consider the need for estate tax minimization. The estate tax exemption is flu.. Organize your estate in 16 steps: Consider the need for estate tax minimization. The estate tax exemption is flu.. BLM-Solve 0.9: Algorithm for Border Length Minimization problem BLM-Solve 0.9: Algorithm for Border Length Minimization problem BLM-Solve 0.9: Algorithm for Border Length Minimization problem Yes, I have that much pull with Apple ;0), download iTunes 9.0.1 to go back to the old green menu bar button minimization I'm so glad Twitter explains trending topics now. Also glad iTunes fixed the minimization issue bc that was driving me up a wall. people plugged in to twitter and fb like the matrix, the minimization of human interaction has begun.. no regrets -> 'regret minimization framework' in mind/mouth of one verbose geek Risk management is the identification, measurement, control, & minimization of loss associated events or risks. Jumping my w/ Exaggeration and Minimization by Pastor Michael Smith Raleigh - Durham, NC : Boys LAX rules revisions focus on pre-game management and risk minimization Made dinner and ate out of the pan. It's all about wash-minimization, people, wash-minimization..
memorializes firefighters killed during Station Fire | 89.3 KPCC: memorializes firefighters kil.. Local Ceremony Memorializes Fallen Firefighters - KEYT: New post at Bollywood memorializes Michael Jackson Nothing memorializes Patrick Swayze better than this Black Dog trucker movie Im watching. I'm pretty sure this script gave him cancer. A pleasant Column: Shaenon K. Garrity memorializes Patrick by way of manga. Column: Shaenon K. Garrity memorializes Patrick by way of manga. Provincial plaque memorializes Nichol: DOVER, ON, Sept. 24 /CNW/ - Today, the Ontario Heritage Trus.. Morning all. Since when did ' memorializes ' become a word ?! ( see twitter tips) Plaque memorializes Kirkwood City Hall shooting victim: Veteran police officer Sgt. William Biggs was also FBI A..
i spend too much time theorizing and intellectualizing design and not enough time just doing it. I wrote an essay intellectualizing KRS-One lyrics as a testament of neo-racism in 9th grade & it was published. Where do you draw the line between stimulating/ encouraging and intellectualizing your baby? ugh. is still the same as when i left it. dudes having shows, dudes writing about them, dudes "intellectualizing" pop culture. Don't neglect the simplicity of the Gospel in intellectualizing a point. Jesus is still the way truth and life. stop intellectualizing and act
I know totally demobilizes u... but y n the rain don't mix well
businessmen, they drink my wine, plowmen dig my ~ bob dylan - all along the watchtower
Hospitals, Clinics, Nursing Homes, India: Entire Pediatric & Neonatal Care for your child: Here you'll get enti.. South: Endocrinologist: Endocrinologist - specialist adults and pediatric ... Pediatrics - General - OK - Pediatric Group Need in central Oklahoma...5188 at All Star Rec VA Jobs | Pediatrics - General - VA - New Pediatric in the Richmond V.. Jobs | Pediatrics - General - WV - Solo Pediatric at All Star Re.. Pediatrics - General - VA - New Pediatric in the Richmond Virginia Area...5018 at All localbronxst. Barnabas Hospital's 'surge plan' for swine flu|In the pediatric emergency room at St. Barnabas .. Pediatrics - General - OK - Pediatric - Oklahoma Metro Area at Gammons-laidig Group (OK) (Detroit Job) Health Care: RN - LPN - Pediatric Homecare Nurses Needed! Bingham Farms, MI - .. (Phoenix Job) Health Care: Pediatric Registered Nurse - RN - Phoenix, Arizona: Maxim Healthc.. (Houston Job) Health Care: RN - LVN - Pediatric Homecare Nurses Needed! Houston, TX - Housto.. (Houston Job) Health Care: RN - LVN - Pediatric Homecare Nurses Needed! Cleveland, TX - Clev.. (Chicago Job) Health Care: RN - LPN - Pediatric Homecare Nurses Needed! Chicago, IL - Oak Pa.. Medical Assistant - Sand Point Pediatric... - Seattle, WA Get Medical Assistant Jobs Pediatric Clinical Manager / Nurse Manager Job.. Sibling risk of pediatric obstructive sleep apnea syndrome and adenotonsillar - Assessment of organ absorbed doses and estimation of effective doses from pediatric anthropomorphic phantom... - Meta-analysis of medical regimen adherence outcomes in pediatric solid organ transplantation. - Proceedings of the 3rd German-Japanese Symposium of Pediatric Neurology. Munich, Germany. September 8-10, 2008. - Relieved to finished Pediatric exam!*sighs*I KNOW I got 2 wrong! Grrr... and I can only get 5 wrong to get an A...so frustrating -_- - What Do I Major In To Become A Pediatric? Pediatric Nursing / RN - Medical Staffing Network - Oakland, CA a leader in the travel nursing industry? Proton therapy center to treat pediatric and adult cancer patients Pediatric Speech Language Pathologist / SLP Needed Proton therapy center to treat pediatric and adult cancer patients [CDC] CDC Health Network (HAN) Info Service Message:Updated Pediatric Antiviral Dosing Syringe and Compoundin... I have ADHD, and no bullshit, saved my life. Try Knoxville Pediatric and ask for some adult references. Cna/ma/lpn: Panama City, newtoday.eps Medical/Health CNA/MA/LPN Pleasant & stable personality for Pediatric off.. Pediatric Nursing / RN - Medical Staffing Network - Oakland, CA a leader in the travel nursing industry? Proton therapy center to treat pediatric and adult cancer patients pediatric pulmonologist... yes, we have one. Proton therapy center to treat pediatric and adult cancer patients: The development of a proton therapy center .. Pediatric Physical Therapist: Details: Aspire Children's Services, located in Hillside, is a leading prov.. Pediatric Nursing / RN - Medical Staffing Network - Oakland, CA a leader in the travel nursing industry? everyone should follow they are raising money and awareness for Pediatric Cancer Research. and . Travel Pediatric Registered Nurse / Peds RN - Medical Staffing Network - Nationwide - Glendale, AZ: Looking for.. Functional Modeling of Pediatric Upper Airway Disorders (R01): Modification 0 Physician - Pediatric Hospitalist - Why the need exists? Looking for pa... wow, I look forward to Livestrong Day, lots of work, ever try opening an entire amusement park just for invited pediatric cancer families xbox.childrensmiraclenetwork.org, vote to help a pediatric hospital in your area and have a chance to win an xbox 360, 10/16 Vote to help a pediatric hospital in your area and have a chance to win an Xbox 360, 10/16 GIN (Gaps-In-Noise) Performance in the Pediatric Population apd diagnosis Registration is open for Mustaches vs. Cancer! Help us to fight pediatric cancer and pledge! Alex was just visited by they only pediatric surgeon in WV and he is going to operate on Alex tomorrow.He&#39 ... Upset with biore and pediatric otrivin atm. Biore, your blackhead removing strips didnt exactly work and i ran out of nose drops :(
/At nights/Full of only you/Attitudinized passion/Lost triumph
And now the kitty has come back to life and is showing her best Playkitty magazing pose. Centerfold here she comes! ROFLMAO!!! you dog. you forget i play NFS since the NFS-2 days, and am downloading NFS shift as we tweet. and centerfold is good. hmph Interesting paper, LOL comment! Desis on the cover of Nature: Wake me when we're in the centerfold! Potpourri Week tomorrow. Here's a glimpse of what you can read abt: Scott Brown's centerfold, college life, and to-do lists. Need of African descent for centerfold of national publication. Deadline Oct 3. Visit Picture That LLC Fac ... Need of African descent for centerfold of national publication. Deadline Oct 3. Visit Picture That LLC Facebook Page for info. Desis on cover of Nature: Wake me when we're in the centerfold! Desis on the cover of Nature: Wake me when we're in the centerfold! ok tweeps - you DID ask for it (some of you). Peter Blasina, centerfold 1981. (I have more) lmao i called it centerfold as if it was playboy. forget the last text & read the next one <3 everyone vote for for popstars ummm i forget what hahaaah centerfold ah! go to twitter for dets! love them<3 I have a CLEO from 1981 here with Peter Blasina as the centerfold. seriously! do I twitpic or is that not kosher? Check out the new Parachutist Mag - My boyfriend is on the centerfold!! Yeah!! Check out the new Parachutist Magazine - Jurgen Riepp is on the Centerfold!! :) Yeeeah!! i like the Dip'd Gold song. and She a Centerfold is a catchy. Steve Rothaus' Gay South Florida: Stefan Pinto, a Playgirl centerfold and budding actor from Miami (recentl.. Centerfold tune? you mall rat Look for the *centerfold* in tomorrow morning's WaPo Express! Learn more about CFC giving here: i'm not your typical centerfold. My MMA proposal is kickass! I'm rather happy 'bout the marketing presentation. I chose Rob McCullough as my "Centerfold" poppin 2 Throwdown! I have posters of on my wall. Doing the centerfold shoot for me. heidi montag didnt even deserve a centerfold layout thats how fuckin washed up that braud is i never figured Centerfold would even get on the radio, nonetheless be spun all over the South right now... Strange times My blood runs cold. My memories have just been sold. My angel is a centerfold. it got shot down. Too sleezy aparently. Didn't think that would be possible considering the centerfold Tell Cosmo.ph's Happy Lopez who your favorite Centerfold is by commenting on her post and win a prize if you're... Yes I did because of the on-the-ground TwitterPatter about Plus, is subject of centerfold in current Panther. My feelings are best expressed in a monologue from the TV movie, of a Teenage Centerfold, starring Miss Lori Singer from Footloose Dean Girl Centerfold Challenge Please vote :) ... - On the back door, right? Playboy centerfold Victoria Silvstedt 1920x1200 widescreen wallpapers have been added - AV TGP : erika eleniak centerfold 258530.jpg This chic is :)na na nananana my angel is a centerfold Playboy Centerfold: Dylan loves playing golf and watching I'm thinking 442 should have a centerfold for the female football fans. I bet they won't though. I dunno, i really liked how it fit the trailer, (: I think it would make a nice centerfold type song? you know what i'm saying? Young L-Centerfold...rofl Have I mentioned how much I LOVE Vamp up Lip Plumper in Supernatural and Centerfold?! LOVE LOVE LOVE! CENTERFOLD OF THE NRA "GUNS AND GUTS" MAGAZINE Missed flight home, amazing time last night we where out untill 4am, got to chat with Billy Idol and Ms September centerfold. CENTERFOLD OF THE NRA "GUNS AND GUTS" MAGAZINE @ centerfold.... err... Congratulations!!!! The new issue of Light Bridges Magazine is out now and I have the centerfold "Acute Disease and the Philosophy of Nature Cure" To Do: Sleep . Sleep . Sleep . Homework . Eat . Gym . Homework . Dinner :. " hey check out , awesome american " Kajual Sundays @ Centerfold 11:30am SL with your sexy host Blaise. Get your Sun. off to a rocking good
ugh mine too. test wed @ CASA. metallic characteristic, electronegativity, electron affinity, ionization energy, atomic radius... Gamma rays are bad for you. "scientists in the room observed the 'blue glow' of air ionization and felt a 'heat wave.. take down notes sa klase ni sir Paolo. haha! :)) thankyou naman sa pagturo ng metallic, ionization, blaaaah. :)) Matrix assisted laser desorption eletrospray ionization..WOW is this right? What ever? Did I tell you I like your avatar? Oh, ionization smoke detectors are quite common. Just atoms doing their thang. No cause for alarm! Xia Deren, Secretary, Dalian CPC Municipal Committee of China: China's ionization about economic growth is bound until be achieved "Only at very high intensities, does the multiphoton ionization occur": Tweet Lag Excuse: Ionization From The Air-Conditioning. is awaiting ionization. Is waiting for ionization. Ugh 30 pages of chemistry for a ten question quiz. Quantum mechanical Orbitals, ionization, and my brain is bleeding. Metal Cleaning Info On Ionization Bonding Of Mettaloid Nonmetal Overlapping Conductance Valence Band... Ionization Energy: The following values are the only allowable energy levels of a hypothetical one-electron ato.. Permanent or Negative Ionization Equipment Kidde 914 Fire Sentry Compact Smoke and Fire Alarm, Ionization Sensor, Battery-Operated Ionization energy trend????? WTFFFFFFFF idk what this bitch is talking about. And right now aint the time to be failing!!! apparently water ionization is a scam talk to a chemist. Thumbs up on fluoride filters and reverse osmosis though Applying for my first coop job: At UBC in Vancouver, "Laser ion source test stand operation - resonance ionization mass spectrometry"
The Palaces of Injustice serve to legitimize crimes of politicians and the state itself ... is this a Democracy? The Palaces of Injustice serve to legitimize crimes of politicians and the state itself ... is this a Democracy? It's a common problem with the Not-A-Real-Science Sciences. They need to create words to legitimize themselves. will sanctions bring down Ahmadinejad or legitimize him? Appiphilia: A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography - Los Angeles Times: GulfNewsAppiphilia: A Chase to legiti.. People that say that you shouldn't regret anything in life are simply looking for a way to legitimize their bad decisions. If we crown BO as King we could legitimize his reign of wealth sucking terror You don't have to legitimize someones lifestyle to love them. Tony Campollo - from the movie "Lord Save Us From Your Followers" To legitimize Limbaugh and DeLay is evil! Right, Leno and DWTS? [Free-marketers try 2 legitimize anti-green agenda.] What Does Last Decade Tell Us about Global Warming? Clinton brings up "Right Wing Conspiracy" to legitimize his failures... even today's felons have better morals than Rama ever did. Rama was promoted by Guptas and others to legitimize king worship. I kinda like this ALTER EGO thing. Now all I need is a REAL LIFE to legitimize it ; I think "sneaker culture" is some bull$shit way to legitimize and intellectualize people liking shoes. Just like them. which corruption are we talking? the kind we hear about in poor countries or the rampant kind we legitimize in this one? Appiphilia: A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography - Los Angeles Times.. for political gain. if he's held up in the media as some political provocateur it only serves to legitimize him. I think he has to deny the holocaust in order to legitimize the incredible carnage nothing.... If they were divorced. But they weren't. Like you really tryna legitimize infidelity right now? Just seen this redskins game score.... WTF, yall are about to legitimize the lions... these police actions in U.S. used by AN on larry king 2 legitimize police brutality these police actions in U.S. used by AN on larry king 2 legitimize police brutality these police actions in U.S. used by AN on larry king 2 legitimize police brutality Shame on Time mag for letting Glen Beck try to legitimize his toxic agenda and keeping his delusion alive(let the delusional bubble burst) When you follow the methods of an aggressor, you're only serving to legitimize them... Why do people actually watch or even legitimize Fox News? Crazy stupid people in front of a camera actually have an audience. Do figure. LA Times - A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography fairly i am not going to be able to legitimize this as "research". hot plans to get back on track. sheesh. time's awaistin'! QotD: "Using U.S. troops to legitimize an otherwise largely illegitimate central government is a fool's errand." Put the glass down yourself. Tebow leaves this yr.You'd be idiots to legitimize USF by risking what they just did in T'town. You can legitimize any wierd ass sound by backing it with a piano You can legitimize any wierd ass sound by backing it with a piano Watching intently, as Jim Leavitt's USF Bulls look impressive in 3rd Q at FSU up 14-0. This would legitimize USF with the big boys in FLA. Love that u have your twitter link up on ur webpage. Helps legitimize u if people are still wondering if ur really on twitter Appiphilia: A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography: Right... Yet you are still promoting it. How do you legitimize that argument? Eric The AP's painfully dumb kids-sing-for-Obama Working to legitimize the right-win.. .. LOVE ward cunningham's metaphor of technical debt, but its being used too often now to legitimize horribly awful code <== 1 Personally, I LOVE ward cunningham's metaphor of technical debt, but its being used too often now to legitimize horribly awful code isn't relevant enough to legitimize my hat, does anyone pay attention to him? let me know if a leader comes on his show Appiphilia: A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography - Los Angeles Times.. Appiphilia: A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography - Los Angeles Times.. Appiphilia: A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography - Los Angeles Times (via Sweet ...Appiphilia: A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography (via We have the ability to legitimize a person or program like no other nation...iran's ahmadinejad on larry king. He was on NPR this morning. Appiphilia: A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography This will b incrdible carnage, & to legitimize this in advance, AN denies the holocaust, while, at the same time This will be an incredible carnage, and in order to legitimize this in advance, AN denies the holocaust, while, at the same time
Why keep pommeling the goad? || I can't help you with your conflicts over self-abuse, but I wouldn't consult a priest. Why keep pommeling the goad? You will, please God, one day soon tire of it, for there is no treasure on that lasts. Pray Are you afraid of pommeling pugilists?
Attention duelists! you think we'd be better at timing things. What being Duelists and all. Attention Duelists! My hair is watching this: Our first San Jose regional is confirmed! Duelists will square off at Superstars December 19! Our first Sacramento regional is confirmed! Duelists will square off at Great Escape Games December 5! Google Docs just offered to replace "substance dualists" with "substance duelists." I lol'd. Also....one more day, duelists. Less than 24 hours until MMS on the iPhone!! AT&T, it's about time. calling all duelists
thats just me with the metal. slayyyyyyyyerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr dancing with the dead on my dreams, listen to their hallowed screams. "The Republican and Democratic Machines have cannibalized what little is left of our Freedom." - AJ anyone want to donate a fall coat to me? medium. anyone in MA wanna donate a couch to me, I think that at 24 I'm too old to have a futon as a livingroom couch.. Thanks to those who came out last night it was fun ! I am picturing a Twilight Zone episode where Richard Parker is endlessly reincarnated as himself and cannibalized at sea. who wants to come to ju[iter/tequesta tonight for my last night in florida? pool byob, gettogether. Mmkay. Got the pseudo-plan for the patchwork made of cannibalized old oversized suitpants. Now I will just have to sewing later. is anyone going to the obscura show on the 17th? anyone who'd wanna bring me? Wow ten pm and so tired the sun is a bitch - what do you mean cannibalized itself? Off to tequesta and i have to say i hate florida weather . so glad i moved up then why is it god's plan for some people to get murdered and cannibalized? Cannibalized my laptop's battery to charge my phone. Guess we know who the favorite child is. AAAARGH I have a song of an ex of mine stuck in my head. The one ex who hates my guts. I must have cannibalized infants in a former life. Male scorpions sometimes sting females while depositing their sperm to avoid being cannibalized. There you have it, **** like a scorpion. since my parasol is too big for my baggage, i am just going to bring a small umbrella to shade myself from the florida stinkin' sun for florida tomorrow, and tailbone busting. i got my creature just in time I think they are doing things by the book this year. Fall yesterday, so by regulation they have to. ;) Why are the leaves already turning and falling ? Daily News: Telecom service in Cambodia cannibalized by the ...: Vietnam's Military Telecom Corporation (Vie.. no sleep. iced coffee drank. on my way to shoot MIT. zzz Still no sleep . I guess ill just lay around till eight then get up for work . Here comes the sun and still restless in bed yay ! im going to have a long fucking day Daily News: Telecom service in Cambodia cannibalized by the ... Daily News: Telecom service in Cambodia cannibalized by the ... lol jk no spoilers. but i got the first 2 of californiacation too :D prints ordered. byebye $112, and they probably won't even get here in time. picking out pictures for a show is a pain in the ass. im too scatterbrained, i hope i picked okay stuff... it doesn't but i'm awesome like that. in fact i could spoil it for all of you, hahahah :D my show was a "celebration of cannibalized, disembodied phalluses" by the repressed domestic slave
There's spraying deodorizers for a nice smell and then there's spraying them to the point of KILLING PEOPLE. Jeeeez *cough hack* Make that using room deodorizers. I have been half-ass cleaning for awhile nowaing room deodorizers after a quick vac. Now it has a real term. "Wash it with Fabreeze" Linens and Things or Bed Bath and Beyond sells lots of different kinds of disposal deodorizers and they work. If you don't reuse the wax, old candles make great deodorizers for your dresser drawers. New bathroom deodorizers in The Company's restroom smell like ... cake?!?
Seeing how similar peoples SocMed issues are. At Operitel's LMS conference and wishing they could meet the Cataloger's I met 10 days ago. And then go into a screed about how cataloging is about fixing other cataloger's mistakes. hah! I should make my students analyze that. Then I could blame it on "cataloger's judgment." POOR judgment, that is. Asset count in ADAM: 2654. 4 collections at the cataloger's.
Rather, acting in accordance with teleological principles of chaos-maximization. Previous tweet wasn't long enough. Where should the concept of "MAXIMIZATION" be ended? I'm at Brio in Town Square getting ready for professional ladies coaching class 3 of 8 ~ Presidential Time Maximization. Great stuff! On my way to Healdsburg CA for client meetings. The first for Savvy Wine Marketing Website Maximization.- On my ... On my way to Healdsburg CA for client meetings. The first for Savvy Wine Marketing Website Maximization. it makes Japaneses less profitable. They intend to find new mkts to achieve profit maximization. He must be a pro, he has achieved meniscus curve maximization, congrats T-Roy! He must be a pro, he has achieved convex meniscus curve maximization, congrats T-Roy! In Buddhism, happiness is not attained by the maximization of one's pleasure and desires, but by giving up such cravings. In Buddhism, happiness is not attained by the maximization of one's pleasure and desires, but by giving up such cravings. -- Okay, cannot. trying to finish an assignment on wealth maximization [Blog] AAA Money Maximization Syste...: J... [Blog] AAA Money Maximization System, 1: Join The Thousands Who have Escaped The Bondage Of Debt... Check Online tutoring with emphasis on career development not profit maximization. the maximization of happiness by john mills. Its talking about happiness obviously...but I don't get what its saying lol Hendrick: Worried that (education) philosophy will be about revenue maximization instead of performance. Just sat in on my first revenue maximization meeting. It was awesome! Market Model of Profit Maximization for Management Students Market Model of Profit Maximization for Management Students: Fml, doing homework that shouldve been done last week. Stupid linear programming and profit maximization! I love how Curious George is teaching free enterprise, profit maximization and MC vs MB. New post: Safe iPhone Hack For iPhone Maximization went crazy at spotlight with props for shoots! this weekend is photo maximization ( even if thats not a word it should be heh )
"I'm one of the little bastards who looked like he might end up with a bit of a black eye sniveled from behind Laura. :: We have more than 2 cars parked on the street.Alot of the people do.Some crybaby's who live across from us sniveled to our landlord
i wish CNN would stop showing the beating video. don't they know that helps to desensitize people? They do. i wish CNN would stop showing the beating video. don't they know that helps to desensitize people? i wish CNN would stop showing the beating video. don't they know that helps to desensitize people? the same philosophy is being followed by gays. by legalizing gay marriage, they want 2 desensitize fact that being gay is wrong Pain at may desensitize us to pain as adults - Family Health Guide Pain at may desensitize us to pain as adults and affect how well pain relievers work Pain at may desensitize us to pain as adults and affect how pain relievers work its a weird balance they have to strike. it can be helpful to run the video but you cant overdo it and desensitize people So prevalent we are taught by default to desensitize our feelings. .........this shyt is horrible! problem is we desensitize people 2 it. It's like violence you see it alot. It's nothing 2 you. we have to be the ones 2sayitsnotok Newly installed dispensers of purel in the stuni. Swine flu is meant to desensitize us to microbes. Pevonia Senstive Line - Control & Desensitize! Soothe skin sensitivity calm blotchiness & irratability. Reveal an evenly toned complexion Im a nurse, I will never desensitize..but I get where yo comin from my wife is terrified of spiders, and once convinced herself that watching arachnophobia would desensitize her to them. it got worse Do you suppose video games and movies can desensitize you to nightmares? young adults to modernizeeee! citizens to terrorizeeee! generations to desensitize. how to desensitize my car alarm real advice All-right! Am trying to desensitize myself. Putting my finger on the avatar . . . It's warm. It's...CRAP! I've been BITTEN! Nevermind, I think I just figured it out! Desensitize & Counter Condition? The only way to change is to desensitize ourselves from the world to enter into a better world~Eric 17, youth of our church Constant access to sex, food, warmth, and shelter desensitize a man to the very pleasures they afford. A lil disturbed by this generations obsession with everythin dealing wit witchcraft n goth the devil's working hard 2 desensitize these kids Soothe, heal, and desensitize with Oxygenating Sensitive Skin Cream! Why has it become questionable? Did your mad need to desensitize to bands made on Fueled by Ramen finally brainwash you? Fucker! They are trying to desensitize us to the true meaning of Christmas by making it a commercial bonanza. The cure, from a psychological point of view is to desensitize; we need to see it daily and we will cease to care. 2010! wonders if those "Kids signs desensitize drivers to the sight of a child toward the road
injured. Will loose control over 1 arm...still hospitalized. Lot of sensitization work necessary! SENSITIZATION WORKSHOP FOR LEGISLATOR & VCP NEI A NI And produces irritant contact dermatitis, when allergen induces sensitization (produces memory cells) in the boy.By And other is following the sensitization of skin to the allergen..By Your therapist needs to learn about central sensitization. This might help: SENSITIZATION WORKSHOP FOR STAKEHOLDERS NEIH A NI The show is on gender inequality sensitization sponsored by various corporates including Gender violence recovery Center
I tried "cutting in" with a good trim brush, but I still prefer taping before painting. With two coats, the prep work
John Cole, former FBI Counterintelligence and Counterespionage, Confirms Buried Espionage & Corruption Cases John Cole, former FBI Counterintelligence and Counterespionage Manager Confirms Buried Espionage & Corruption Cases
WOW! listening to the mamas and the papas will NEVER be the same... eBay: The Mammas & the Papas - Best of Monday Monday LP EX $2.99 I favorited a YouTube video -- Big 3 Cass Elliot winken Blinken Nod-Mamas and Papas listening to the mamas and papas. ^_^ sing it mama cass! sing it! do you go bye papas and beer?? SUMMERS OVER!!!! PAPAS IS NOW REOPENING FOR LUNCH TUES-FRI 11am to 3PM Come in and have an incredible panini and... papas fritas will not go well with tonight's all nighter... Bijou Phillips says she knew Mackenzie had sex with Mamas/Papas John Phillips 2 more days n your ONE !!!! yay!!!! LOVE YOU PAPAS N BIGG BOSS!!! ((( GOO ANGELSSS !!! WEST CHAMPS!!! ))))) {{{HEY ... Now playing "Monday Monday" by "Mamas & the Papas" eBay: The Mammas & the Papas - Best of Monday Monday LP EX $2.99 Eddie Papas in Pleasanton has cotton candy for and beignets for your - wonderful. Monday, Monday, The Mamas & The Papas had it right. at least for me today;-} Whoooo seal it up papas chillin in the crib aboout to eat papas john my papas doesnt answer his phone :( Mmm papas con sal, chile and limon! thats my girl! stuffed crust pan? hotwings and que papas? New customer at Papas Pizza Pasta and Subs, Driving gym gym gym Not interested in panthers enough for this game to keep my attention.ummm...yo quiero papas fritos de Mickey Dz idk yet...gotta see if i decide to quit play lol (: and gotta talk to mommyy cuz thats around papas b-day Rollin to see my boy dwight at papas and beer! Bomb food letss go panthers .. that's mines & papas team :-p got Mamas and the Papas Monday.Monday goin over an over THNX =P After I whoop McMahons ass I'm prayin 4 him & his fam! It aint no Mama & Papas but it sho is some kinda barnyard circus act. Sharpton, RAW! Photo: Cookie chip shu cream fron beard papas in tokyo. Mels recommendation finished working out had to work off las ricas Milanesas con papas fritas a la mexicana i had for for dinner muah muy delicioso :-) Carne Gisada Con Papas (Meat and Potatoes) recipe WEST CHESTER! WATCH OUT! PAPAS MIGHT BE COMING TO A UNIVERISITY NEAR U!! Eating POLLO!!!! with PAPAS!!! WOOOT!! -munch munch- im so FAT! the chorizo y papas was best, mole not too bad either I cooked up 2 of these for the Fam Ln! They were Perfect. None of that healthy crud though. Jst Papas & Meat. making sum papas with eggs and homemade from scratch ... Mmm mom made carne con papas yummy!!! cool. i love beard papa beijing Hey There are Beard Papas in London, Australia, Japan, Guam, Canada, etc as well! to realize why the Mamas & the Papas were considered a highly influential, yet very dark band. Loving them right now! 9 papas pa ser RE-Twitteado I want some moro de guandules with pollo guisao with papas...I'm about to hit up a dominican restaraunt Hehe you got big papas number you just need to use it..lol and yea you come Xmas I got you in the spring..bend ova bend ova lol Monday, Monday by the Mamas and the Papas 2 woots 4 U! =P Just finished eating carne con chile y papas w white rice, good stuff. Ewww the guy from the Mamas and the Papas used to have sex with his daughter....california dreaming will never sound the same again I thought it was three papas... ...recipe is one of my faves from "Mexico One Plate at a Time" = pollo adobado con papas. Details and recipe aww. thnk yu papas. ill b dere soon lol Eating homemade papas at Sarah's place. will never be able to listen to The Mamas And The Papas in the same way ever again
oiling my fretboard - wow was it ever thirsty cleaning and oiling my Boss Cutting board & making coffee. morning chores. listening to talking heads. Thinking about New blog post: Is Oiling Hairs Good or Bad? i prefer turkey oiling meself, but, yunno, each to their own wine. sun. surf. turkey chasing and deck oiling. you know, the usual. Is Oiling Hairs Good or Bad? | Lot of assumptions and conclusions has been made by the variou.. oiling stalls is surprisingly therapeutic. or not so surprisingly... it depends. Have finished oiling the paneling in the hallway and stairway. Now I smell like almond oil. Not thexy. their wet, no oiling them dwn and then whipping them, none of that.. just a regular beating.. I swear wrestling is nothin but a televised Fag convention....them niggas prolly b in da back oiling each otha up nd shit lmao Bumping that Cater to You by DC man those were the days running his water, oiling his scalp etc. He prepared me for my future mate I just got done showering and I'm going to be oiling my legs and feet. There were some squeaky girls in town, Drew aptly commented that they required oiling. My hands feel all oily. I HATE and I mean HATE oiling the cabinets in our house. Theres so many of them, and its just not fun! lol nope. i just really enjoy oiling my tits. it's a Me Time thing. Mink oiling the ol cowboy boots. not trip shit crazy he dont want me doing shoots anymore he be like i dont nig oiling up before the shoot oiling the cogs of movie making winding the gears of imagination....basically I'm prepping for a movie but i th ... you're oiling your car? A bit more sunlight would've been welcome.. Days are getting and oiling decks difficult in darkness. Just finished sanding and oiling my babies... One of them looks really bad, doubt it will pass inspection... but fingers crossed! I need to stop being over attentive to my feet *oiling my cuticles* Ooh dear the cherry picker needs oiling... it was definitely squeaking just then. Spent the afternoon out in the sunshine re-oiling my garden bench and table ready for storing away over the winter. well yeh,ye never know when a bit of dry skin might need oiling ;0) xxx Great! I`ve old Zanz. lintels which need oiling & clove smell is heavenly. Tell me where to find U at WTM. Sat on a trampett in the garden eating Ginger thins with alfie :-) > sod the oiling. Far better solution x Yes but ut it needs oiling. The neighbors are complaining about the noise! Man, is my favorite person on the planet. "Oiling up boobs with oil" IDK what else you would oil boobs with but alright. lol up so late wow! midnight oiling it like I do? Just got home from work and nice to see I am not the only one up in twit land stop it. I was just thinkin bout that & the oiling them up..Really almost shed sum more tears I am oiling up my washboard abs for a day at the beach. Done oiling down.....now I'm chillin for tha night lotioning and oiling 'lotioning, oiling, oiling. lotioning, smiling, I CAINT TAKE THIS NO MORE" omg hes gonna pretend 2 drown so Wendy Peffercorn can save him ..before i sat down. all i needed was a trim and paint. now he's oiling my legs. :/ mucho dollar-es. Healthy Hair: Brushing & Oiling 101 by Isaac the Girl: Tutorial on Brushing & Oiling techniques for curly and textur.. I decided not to do anything to the terrace. I oiled it in May and it still looks very good. Furniture needed oiling. Well Kate is as guilty i think, this oiling him down thing, shocking, but i want to know where he took him late at night!!!! My mother is oiling my scalp and she is mad heavy handed! My eyes r watering. How did I survive childhood?! My hair is so long :=) Damn he's talking about Joe Jackson oiling him down ad whipping him with a. iron cord....That's so out of control.... Dust storm on it's way, so no oiling the deck today. Off to get a haircut, I have to look my best for the Grand Final ;) Carn the Saints! Oiling up model boys - not a bad internship Unc's oiling the wheels of capitalism again! Oiling the digital society 1st off I am rican ok 2nd off I have no problems with the oiling up lmaoooo It may be more so that the ones that dont are oiling their M1's and sharpening their machetes for the Class-4 zombie outbreak. truly thoroughly enjoyed oiling my boots, but am grossed out now that I realize that mink oil in made of... MINKS
we've to be more concerned about cleanliness too! media friends, let's remind the evacuees ha :) thanks Pls send relief goods to Novaliches Elem School. Lots of evacuees there. Thanks! :) Zobel will be accepting donations tomorrow. PAWS is opening its doors for the dog and cat evacuees. LETS GO! :) where's we need a magic carpet! =) tara, let's volunteer! =) i heard on DZMM, evacuees need bigas! =) YAY! >.< sun is finally here! :) good for me. i wish that the evacuees would already see their sunlight. :| Two evacuees in my room because of ondoy and luiboy...sis and lau in my arms :) just came from our subdivisions cover which is housing 300 evacuees right now! so good to help and give a smile to the kiddies :)
Author: MetalMicky08Subject: Juddering/missing (no warning lights)Posted: 29 September 2009 at 12:15amMy pleasu.. Author: DebBeeSubject: Juddering/missing (no warning lights)Posted: 28 September 2009 at 10:09pmWill get some m.. Author: MetalMicky08Subject: Juddering/missing (no warning lights)Posted: 27 September 2009 at 10:43pmTry some .. The Butterfly. Harmless in its appearance, expect mind-juddering orgasms for her and the perfect eyeful for him. she's being coached. It's awful hearing her, even Brucie's juddering links are preferable New post: I Have 93 Land Rover. This Morning It Juddering Violently At Low Speed. Any Ideas Why? Freelander juddering & black: Hi i've just bought a freelander a month ago & it's gone back to the car sales garage Works on everything from Masterchef ep.9. It's juddering around all the time on that! Must be the streaming! Cheers anyway! Watching the 2nd Masterchef from last night on PS3 iPlayer. Picture juddering around. Anyone else had this prob? 1st Masterchef was fine!
You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! I heard the Mayor Al Chauncy show down in South Carolina went well. Happy for him. Look for his cd Room 2 Conquer: True hip-hop soul ! EVERYONE get up & conquer today!!! Its gonna be a good day! :-) miss you sweet boy. :) You have a Great day at Class, and don't let that song, conquer your concious LOL! Jk Didn't sleep well, but ready to conquer the challenges of the day. Good morning baby. Get up & conquer today. Its gonna be a really good day.:-) I love you. - thanks :) Embrace Chaos To Conquer An World - drop my little man off at school...my lovely wife brewed me some Cafe Verona...and now I am at the office and ready to conquer the world Amanda austin uses this as a member. Kind words conquer. You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! RevRunWisdom: You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! I CAN is more than IQ-I needed that 2day You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! Nice! You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! Rememba! I CAN is much more than IQ! You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! Nice! You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! Rememba! I CAN is much more than IQ! You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Remember!) I CAN is much more than IQ! - Rev Run You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! u can conquer the world anyday homie! WHATS NEW THO? "Give me an army saying the Rosary and I will conquer the world." -Pope Pius IX You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! Look for RMG to conquer the social media space with its patented IP on measuring ROI and IRR for social media. Follow me, to learn more. TRUTHBOMB Jesus taught community 4 loving 1 another & 2 conquer self BUTChurch killed community. You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than ... You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! Hear from God:The difficult way is nearly over. Hold on in My Strength. Courage & Joy will conquer all troubles.-on You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! Room 2 Conquer will be available for downloads this week!! be sure to get ur copy.. You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! wat a funny world!! how ones true colors appears... life goes on!! watch me conquer it all!!! ... You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! If I had arms that could type and write 'proper like' I would conquer the world. I have to be grateful with just conquering the UK I guess!! says You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more im... Morning tweet fam, B'lieve n urself, U CAN conquer, it's n U B'n is just a SMALL cuz I CAN is much mo' than IQ! Lets go "We have therefore to resolve to conquer or die: Our won Country's Honor, all call upon us for vigorous and manly e (cont) You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! You CAN conquer! Its in you! Being is just a SMALL of this! (Rememba!!!) I CAN is much more than IQ! wat a funny world!! how ones true colors appears... life goes on!! watch me conquer it all!!! ...
The ibike app is like a Tom Tom for your bike. It is a speedometer, milometer, ave speed, top speed, plus very accurate calorie consumption
ive decided that after letting my eyes suffer for almost a year due to the misplacement of my glasses- i should get them replaced I think I may cry if you're speaking the truth about this misplacement. Eek. lmao that's the way to do ur bday! Minus the phone misplacement lol RA: more pipes is very $$. overbuilding reality is a misplacement of resources. someone has to pay for overbuild networks. fun fun day i guess inside i realy was crying but everyone else saw me smilling but truly im still dieing...from the misplacement of my Misplacement of blame, denial, people like that will never be true with themselves, therefor never be one with themselves. a great to a totally awesome day! mijo was late 2 school due 2 the misplacement of my keys. [couldn't eve ...
lol ashley got mugged xD The police know who one of the girls who mugged my sister is. They went to her home to make an arrest, but she wasn't there. poor O2, not only are they crap, but they're only one of three networks that sell iPhones. i hope everyone they mugged leaves. Killer taking yourself off penolas on sun, mugged me of 6 dream team points....you'd better notch at the weekend my man cousin: ..so I hear you got your baton. me: yea.. you never know when I might get mugged. I need something for my protection. cousin: jerk.. Easyflash and I used to spend our days selling Viagra to Nigerian princes. Once, we got mugged in London and had to bum some $$ off friends. one of my husbands facebook friends says she was mugged in london and needs western union money. checking if someone hacked her account Of course he was mugged, he was dealing with publishers. Then you were mugged, mate. how i wasn't mugged yesterday only god knows ( southcentral/la)P A liberal is just a conservative who hasn't been mugged yet. A liberal is just a conservative who hasn't been mugged yet. looks like we're not making the house a drop-off point for goods.relief trucks being mugged and attacked by ppl. Gap Year Advice from the UK Telegraph - what 2 do if you get mugged! looks like we're not making the house a drop-off point for goods.relief trucks being mugged and attacked by ppl. Robbers or just the desperately needy? relief trucks being mugged & attacked by ppl. Robbers or just the desperately needy? relief trucks being mugged & attacked by ppl. looks like we're not making the house a drop-off point 4 goods. relief trucks being mugged & attacked by ppl guys watch out please when you deliver relief goods. relief trucks being mugged and attacked by ppl. headed 2 mt. eden w/ & amy jo...late nite...hope we dnt get mugged...although i have a lot of ministry frustration 2 blow off! well look at ze bright zide manda, at leaz you mugged till 4 :) we're not making the house a drop-off point 4 goods. relief trucks being mugged & attacked by ppl. medical mission perhaps. almost got mugged tonight. wow. time to relocate. he'd probably phone the police and say he was being mugged if they turned up in his studio Calling the cops when an old lady is being mugged or a kid is being murdered before your eyes is NOT snitching. Ennie why have u me!! I've been mugged by the energy faries.. They flew away and left me floundering.. Xhausted.... :-( Calling the cops when an old lady is being mugged or a kid is being murdered before your eyes is NOT snitching. We had big plans ya know? We planned to go up town and kidnap a rich kid and then ransome him off- Quote Mickey who mugged bret and jermain Brilliant you are working hard RL rewards always better mate. I told them you hadn't been mugged again. ;) pretty terrible day, I got mugged... did jimmy get mugged by that old lady at the end of the show? dude, did u just get mugged by that woman in the audience? I think just got mugged on tv by an old lady when he went up to great the audience at the end of the show. damn why'd you leave? Someone mugged the dodgers!! Boo that shit, yo! how bad is Melbourne violence getting?? 7 year old boy gets mugged at the Melbourne Show for his showbags. So I totally almost got mugged or jumped a while ago on a dark stairwell behind Frick Fine gotta love the irony, 2weeks ago i get mugged, today work are sending me on a 'Physical Interventions' course! I just witnessed a mugging. I'm now a witness. Can't help but think that if she hadn't been there, I would have been mugged instead. So I got mugged today... FML Walking 2 the store 2 get milk and cereal for the morning. Please dont get mugged. O.o thats why breezys get mugged do not have conversations with ppl like that... Nawl he just got mad walked by mugged me and then slammed his door. (Then yelled dramatically 3x) Cause his QB sucks ass and he was getting mugged all night. Midnight run...it's gettin kinda chilly, but for some reason I like running in the dark. Don't get mugged So the fact that Moose was being mugged 5 yards past the line doesn't get the call? FUCK YOU REFS BobbyBones got mugged:/ It's in the news. Haha he's all scratched upp.---LMFAO I got mean mugged by some tapout kooks as my 1year old and I were out for a walk. Jake said he'll take the big one! HaHa
arghhh matey! you want to board my ship? Is your poop deck open? xD pirate pick up lines rock!! :D ... Why just Hallowe'en? Arrggghhhh Matey! is thinking of being a Pirate for halloween :) thanks matey! :) how's dem bones?? They admit pirates? Garrrr that be excellent news matey. I be picturing bottomless tankards and booty a plentiful :) Done and bathed, not shaved though just going to keep the stubble :-) how's you matey? Morning tweeps.. how is your Sunday? Is it Good, So so, Bad? last wiken matey, enjoy it , 2moro is IHATEMONDAY! :) can I have the 1st copy of it as I am cheeky enough to ask for it!? Hope all is well matey!!! :) yepyep, sounds good :D where are we seeing it matey? x Welcome back matey! You brought the bike over??? :) not too bad thanks matey, just looking forward to the weekend as always lol ... hows things Oooop ??? :D 2 hours. Easy matey! :-) You're in Theale right? Good luck at work tonight, matey. O, and thanx for the tweet. EVEN if it was late... Yeeeah... Wat u got me? :-) hey matey. Enjoy the sponge! :) yes fancy coming about seven? If you text me to confirm tomorrow that would appreciated as i'm But great show matey :) whens your next DJ session? Still, its a very thoughtful plan to have in motion matey :) Hows Lucian getting on? Thats excellent forward-thinking matey :) Did you also insist they had a decent sized swimming pool for friends and family? ;) Kewl matey..wavy gravy like always :) and u?how's Will do that for u mate! :) how have u been?
*looks down at damn chelsea, you bring out the best in me *smirks and turns to your turn... *grins evilly* hee hee. My brain from thinking evilly. I'm going to go imagine I'm not 5 feet off the ground. My boyfriend never did get that ice cream... but I finally conquered an especially evilly stubborn virus on my computer. Sylar was totally evilly awesome tonight. LOL whoa! scary number of emails. i hope they're not all unread, cuz that's a LOT of spam if so, evilly large amount of spam :) *appears behind you,placing a hand on my shoulder* Hello,Felix *grins evilly* I have a urge to go check on your friends in Seems you have things under control,I have some business I need 2 tend to *chuckles evilly as I vanish from the room* *sprays you with super soaker and laughs evilly* Bwahahahaha! haha, I'm not jealous...*laughs evilly with paper in front of me that says "Ashlee Attack"* I'm not jealous...*smiles* *laughs* Who shall I break first *grins evilly* *laughs* Who shall I break fist *grins evilly* I am officially putting in a request to be her She shall have the evilly best. She deserves it. *cackles evilly* Indeed,Felix *grins up at you* I cant wait to give them a proper hello. Its been far to long. Yes, yesssss. -rubs hands together evilly- (...jfc, Novak and Rafa should just get together in the end.) You didn't know that I'm Satan's right hand bitch? *laughs evilly* ~giggles evilly~ oh the horror! *raises an eyebrow* Sev, you know I don't swing that way! *laughs evilly* *laughs evilly* Follow or suffer the consequences! >:) *holds up a knife evilly* xD *grins evilly and takes money* with pleasure. *runs and blows up Kabuto's* *giggles evilly* *smiles evilly* Maybe~<3 burnt beatz house fuck up his cars and laugh evilly lmao Ohhh what will we play later?? *grins evilly* OOC: *grins evilly* That was the point, missy :D Nah, I'm not hyper. Just in a smiley mood. But I'm pissed O: {grins evilly, plots intellectual distractions} -laughs evilly- I only like fluff not hard core and sorry I do like them together in RP only XD.RL? maybe :> :)) Not Smith... *looks at craig evilly* ;) I bet. She is evilly good. She killed me for over an hour... but I thanked her for it I like it. <finishes eating and shows her his plate - then grins evilly> Want to practicing now? Glaring evilly am i home When ya'll are there? *laughs evilly* see it loves me more Made some drinks Byn style...you know, the ones that kill you? *smirks evilly* It is all going as planned! (And she laughs evilly!) It shall be a grand time..... Ha true. Very true. I am MARRYING Cereal. *smirks evilly at You should eyeball the tall person, and laugh evilly while pretending to stroke a cat. It might be cruel, but would look AWESOME. >> I hear you giggling evilly over there. Who says? ~Laughs evilly~ Maybe I should go bug my younger sister... been a long time since I done that (usually it's the other way 'round) *smirk evilly* the Batdog is staring at me very evilly.... Its kind of unsettling. now who might you be talking about? He sounds fun *grins evilly* One can picture Mr Cowell smiling evilly, pulling back the crossbow bolt, and THWACK ARRRGGHHH THWACK ARRRGGHHH THWACK AARRRGGHH Morning! How you feeling today? *cackles evilly* wonders what happen to me ?? why do i think so evilly ? *touches self inappropriately and laughs evilly* yeah *smiles* i'm so evilly tasty. {smiling evilly, summons her focus to pry worst nightmare from his twisted mind} Hmm. Flames.Not surprising, and yet, ironic yeah but tomorrow I'll get my revenge *laughs evilly* I kill poetry with my literalism. -laughs evilly-
Delighted Thurrock Council will be first unitary council in essex to sign Small Business Engagement Accord - Unitary Perception: The Collected Works volume 16 - Jiddu ... GWB was a 'unitary executive'. Barack Obama is not? Is there an explanation other than racism? NYT's M Leibovich doesn't mention L. Cheney's role in the 'unitary executive'. only fault in expanding school year is assuming unitary causation btwn year length & quality but evidence more class time System means an assemblage or combination of things or forming a complex or unitary whole. Insurance companies do not form a whole. Forgot Twitter, HAHA/ Still: sunny Sunday = Unitary Operations and Adm a I don't wanna attend to. They want markets to sell in. Markets require governments to make deals with. Governments require unitary states. Nothing is unitary and nothing ever was. Papers currently having field day. Why Tories not stressing redundancies down to forced unitary streamlining not choice? At we approach every facet of the business as a with a unitary vision. Classes or script, or else, sleep, or else, posting, or else, Unitary OP, or else Enviromental Microbiology? None of these: music's the key. Gary The President in Chains -- "Unitary executive"?: It's been argued that the national security state inaugu.. Compare and contrast the federal system of government with unitary systemof government: Compare and contrast the.. Shifts in financial power play: In fact, the unitary central bank monitoring formula proposed by the United Stat.. Denounce Obama's Fraud in Continuing "Unitary Executive" Based on Afghanistan Crisis via Post Unitary Status Strategy - or PUSS is infecting TUSD. Post Unitary Status Strategy - or PUSS is infecting TUSD. Meeting with Steve Chief Exec of County Council on Monday. Some real challenges for the new unitary authority. .@kmm1127 Yeah, Obama's such a dictator that he hasn't gotten passed. After Bush's unitary executive and signing statemts, nice try This country may never recover from Bush/Cheney-they really trampled the Constitution - Unitary Executive indeed!??
It isn't a calamity to die with dreams unfilled, In the case of an unfilled building, I would be reluctant too. Ironic that the crisis now consists of banks being 'responsible'. I've heard same from people here, esp new b/c banks reluctant to loan on unfilled bldgs fearing eventual walkaways. Great!!! there is a list of unfilled volunteer Are you available for one or both events? America--who is the titular head of our office of Boob Czar? We cannot allow this job to remain unfilled! Wehey first day of my second year of uni, and the great thing is I'm not in unfilled 1:30 :D Cleaning basement - through organization/purging, have unfilled about 5 boxes tonight. Feels so good!! =) .@GirdwoodNews Judging from Twitter, there MUST be unfilled jobs in Anchorage. This group drinks like fishes. Fish? Fische? ;-) Enrollment Dropping But Broward Country Schools Going To Blow $133 Million, 25% Of All Seats In Class are UNFILLED. I wonder what life has in store for dude straight up juzz when you think you got it all they make somethin new empty pockets unfilled he ... - According to Bo an unfilled salt shaker is unacceptable at la madeleine lmao Obviously I meant 320. Someone is doing the 330 but 320 was unfilled. The plan/shell game, slashes $14.2 million from the park budget this year by closing weekdays,eliminating unfilled seasonal, admin positions Has finally found a REAL reason why her life is INCOMPLETE AND UNFILLED without iphone - SHAZAM. Will hock things immediately. still..unfilled..arghhhh!!! Hope u had fun & no poo diapers!! ; Getting ready to babysit my nieces! hoping for an evening of unfilled diapers! Getting ready to babysit my nieces! hoping for an evening of unfilled diapers! I am totally crushed. A day trip is just what the doctor ordered. But, like a healthy diet and exercise, his order remains unfilled. "Life is suffering. Suffering is the result of unfilled desire. Therefore, cessation of desire ==> peace & fulfillment" Buddha ;-) I do, but not often. My fountain pen collection is mostly unfilled with ink and under glass. says 'is easing' // 26% of primary vacancies unfilled (32% in 2008) says 'is easing' // 26% of primary vacancies unfilled (32% in 2008) Manufactured durable goods: new orders,shipments,unfilled orders,inventories=DOWN.Capital goods=DOWN. Got Cash 4 the crash? Two meetings on Monday afternoon, Heading to Bristol to deliver to a client on Tuesday, the rest of the week is gloriously unfilled (as yet) His transformer turns into a flesh version of the empire state building, saving us all from megan fox's unfilled mouth-vote Dismal durable goods news for Aug. Non-defense capital goods excluding aircraft fell 0.7% Bright spot is unfilled orders up 1.2% of primary headship vacancies unfilled, but recruitment problems easing Many head teacher posts unfilled: Head teacher vacancies are left unfilled at more than a of all primar.. Many head teacher posts unfilled: Head teacher vacancies are left unfilled at more than a of all primar.. [DAILY STAR]: Many head teacher posts unfilled: Head teacher vacancies are left unfilled at more t.. [DAILY EXPRESS]: Many head teacher posts unfilled: Head teacher vacancies are left unfilled at .. [DAILY MIRROR]: Many head teacher posts unfilled: Head teacher vacancies are left unfilled at mo.. LATEST NEWS: Many head teacher posts unfilled: Head teacher vacancies are left unfilled at more tha.. *** DAILY TRADE RECAP**** ALL TRADES HAVE BEEN CLOSED. 1 PENDING ORDER REMAINS-1 PENDING SELL EURUSD WHICH IS UNFILLED. I commented on a YouTube video -- "Many low-wage employers have many unfilled positions. A higher minimum ... ... Colleges nationwide greater unfilled demand for financial aid. Remaining Bush-Clinton Ike recovery funds handed out: Despite the money, huge needs remain unfilled. 2 whole days w/ no lol I felt so unfilled the whole 2days like something was missing!! 1 in 7 Social Worker posts unfilled in UK. Psa: It is not ok to go months keepin on the same set of nails unfilled ! Soak them hoes off! Not bottled, boxed. "Unfilled boxes can fit on 2 pallets, or roughly 5% of a truck. Empty plastic bottles would require about 5." Residents say hole in Norfolk neighborhood unfilled for three years Have you ever unfilled a promise, because you talked about it but did nothing to accomplish it? ...or the emptiness in her eyes left unfilled, as she went through the mechanics of pleasing her watchers. Permaculture in the Savanna (The Agroinnovations Podcast) I liked where "weeds" show us unfilled niches. How do you know if you deserve more lthan what you have? My desires are unfilled and skin hunger is my cancer. God bless you Mexicans,working in the cold,heat,rain - if you all quit the jobs would stay unfilled Negroes done got lazy.
Christmas Figurines: Christmas Figurines - Find Your Favorite Here1 Vote(s) Jim Figurines..stop by and see what I have..now 15 % off using Coupon Code Oct15! at Bonanzle. I'm loving it! I Flickr'd photos of the figurines I bought. That's almost as good as what I'd do. After telling you that yesterday, and thinking about it, I want the figurines. ::evil grin:: Angel Figurines Are Beautiful Home Decor Gifts For Any Occasion And Holiday - Figurines - Debate Because It's Over Precious Moments Dolls & Figurines Make Excellent Gifts. Find Them At Rolando's Gift Shop - builder - train - consumption - balloon - menace - passing - flip - treble - severance - congruent - figurines - duck - lettuce - tweet - LET'S CUT SOLID METAL D&D FIGURINES WITH DISCOUNT SCISSORS!! This is going to end _fabulously_. childhood verse - figurines. Heh. I saw Family Guy figurines at one of those machines outside a store. I wanted the Stewie ones. >_> Claymation figurines would be fantastic. Native American Figurines, Dolls, Motorcycles, Sculptures, Angels & Dream Catchers - Someone sent me two cute tokidoki figurines!!!! The cute soy milka moofla and red cactus friends <3. Loves it!!!! Shhh.. Don't tell anybody, but the same place that I store the gold bars and the mint condition Star Wars figurines. I'm not sure why but I imagined this happening with figurines Custom pet ornaments and figurines make wonderful gifts! # of elephants in a 1500 sq ft I viewed tonight: 13. 1 painting, 1 mask, 5 figurines, 6 the furniture. Pachyderm chic. It was one of my favorite childhood stories - I have all the tiny stuffed figurines from way back. I was "Max." Decorate with these adorable Santa figurines at Bonanzle. Garfield the Cat Figurines (Hylan Blvd, Bay St. SI): I have close to 15 Garfield the Cat Figurines, all with ce.. : Garfield the Cat Figurines (Hylan Blvd, Bay St. SI): I have close to 15 Garfield the Cat Fig.. Just In! WWE WRESTLING TOYS FIGURINES JOHN CENA BATISTA FINLAY: US $3.99 (0 Bid) End Date: Monday Oct-0.. - I did a Google search and found a company that sells these figurines. They have the 2 kids on a b ... wants pokemon and LotR figurines... and maybe some star wars stuff too. Okay, I just noticed that I seem to be collecting pix of Rob flipping the bird! Eh, more fun than Royal Dalton figurines, I suppose. Incredibly chic Hummel figurines come to life! Men Friends, London: the amazing eye of ) We have indoor & outdoor fountains, statues, figurines, bulk buys, dolls, home decor, garden, & games all at wholesale prices. Is it about collectible "22nd Jump Street" figurines? Or "Baywatch nights"...? Im not gonna lie when I was a kid I always wanted to be the boys in the gi joe commercial playing with the figurines ... Im not gonna lie when I was a kid I always wanted to be the boys in the gi joe commercial playing with the figurines (pause) TOS Star Trek Bridge Command- set of 5 figurines Additional Runner Ups- Kyong Han, Ralph Miranda, and Ashleigh each receive exclusive limited edition KOF12 figurines. of is now on Twitter. Check out their gorgeous wedding cake topper interchangeable figurines. Congrats !! Runner Up- Ashleigh receives exclusive limited edition KOF12 figurines. Additional Runner Ups- Kyong Han, Ralph Miranda, and Ashleigh each receive exclusive limited edition KOF12 figurines. Additional Runner Ups- Kyong Han, Ralph Miranda, and Ashleigh each receive exclusive limited edition KOF12 figurines. Phyllis pushing all the manger figurines into the drawer except for the camel and the black king... kindofa big giveaway. Zombieland Movie Review: But with everything from movies to books, comics, games, figurines, candy, and even a .. Just listed, Wermz - hand sculpted clay figurines and Briar Wood Smoking Pipes on our etsy store!! See it at Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros-Up From Below | Figurines-Skeleton | For The Agenda-I'm A Viola | Marked Men-On The Outside Just set up his GOW2 figurines. Took ages. Military Wedding/- Bride & Military Groom Figurines/ Cake Tops- Air Force, Navy, Marines and Army- Click on link she provided, scroll down to just above comments, click page 2, scroll down to group shot below 7 dwarf figurines. Native American Figurines, Dolls, Motorcycles, Sculptures, Angels & Dream Catchers - Native American Figurines, Dolls, Motorcycles, Sculptures, Angels & Dream Catchers - Where Sells The More Rare Figurines Of Disney Cars Collection?
From IDCS Dan: seahorses, octopus, porkies, morays, wierd black & white fish on Koh Sak East! Amazing dive with rescue senarios." morays suck enough, thanks rain I don't want to wear sleeves to the show tonight, damn you social morays.
Watched Greenaway's "The Draughtsman's Contract" last night - what a gorgeous (if sometimes odd) film! i am working as a electrical cad draughtsman in eta ascon - dubai am a Draughtsman Draughtsman (Ref: FL/DM/779) - Hsin Chong Construction Group Ltd: Salary: Not Specified / Negotiable | 0 yr of .. Watching a movie called The Draughtsman's Contract for my film class. Never heard of it! MEP Draughtsman - Surrey - 22'000 - 30'000: We are currently seeking an experienced MEP co-ordination draughtsm.. Draughtsman (Microstation) - Dubai, UAE - Free Classifieds - Muamat I AM WORKING AS DRAUGHTSMAN IN DUBAI AutoCAD Draughtsman - Dubai, United Arab Emirates Get Landscaping Jobs Civil Structural Draughtsman Intemet age is fab. Watched The Draughtsman's Contract free online at Lovefilm. Was good. A bit up its own arse but no worse for that. haven't blogged all week, mind-clog. fave movie watched this week: THE DRAUGHTSMAN'S CONTRACT. tonight: made gnocchi. rest was katamari Autocad Designer/Draughtsman (Mechanical): Preparing 2D, 3D drawings and experience in Piping/Machine Design. C.. Mechanical Draughtsman, Glasgow DRAUGHTSMAN Stuctural Steel CAD Draughtsman (SolidWorks), Devon clickindia_in just posted this job on Looking for experienced civil/Structural draughtsman ... Draughtsman (Microstation): i have more than 10years draughting experiance in diffrent fields (Building service.. Job: Senior Mechanical Draughtsman/HRD - HRD/Dubai - United Arab Emirates @ Loved Peter Greenaway's "The Draughtsman's Contract", but was left disappointed by the interview with Michael Nyman on the DVD. Looking for Electrical M&E Coordination Draughtsman Job looking for Electrical M&E Coordination Draughtsman I am working as mechanical draughtsman Tekla Structures X Steel Draughtsman Required, Norfolk Mechanical Draughtsman clickindia_in just posted this job on Urgent Requirment for Diploma Mechanical Draughtsman Engineers \- Mumbai ... AutoCAD Electrical Draughtsman: AutoCAD Electrical Draughtsman AutoCAD Electrical Draughtsman sought by designer.. I am a AutoCAD Draughtsman " CAD resource library for Architects, CAD draughtsman & other related building industry professionals... "
are we going to discuss to & from the iPhone today ;-) Completed to jQTouch. For now, please test with Nope ! I understood was planing to work on android to i8910 but looks like a fake user :( Problems the delicious widget is gonna be hard work...Did all the css with fixed height and width -.- (via to H1 - pblm encountered is reduction in font size. Increase to 2.8? the delicious widget is gonna be hard work...Did all the css with fixed height and width -.- to H1 - hey, I need some help translating the coding Perfect: I'll get to Autobase to Liquibase 2.0 next week. I've been waiting (and busy). to H1 - hey, lots of XML init to H1 - Steps to Take... - developers v excited here as is in progress . . . H1 w/shop now in progress to Vodacom, painless, if you know somebody in the business that will do everything for you. Now I await the arrival of my I-phone. Are there any big Action Method users out there? I've using it again but need some reassurance before my life over there..! spent 10 seconds a java class to scala - 20% reduction (meh), not FP, but so much nicer to my eyes anyway. spent 10 seconds a java class to scala (mechanically) - 20% reduction (meh), not FP, but so much nicer to my eyes anyway. I might try some "raw n' uncut" features from TouchFlo 3D (v2.6.11) into a resource file system that organizes HTC framework. Read about Philip in Acts this morning, I reckon God should bring the travel back! I think they're Twitter to Google Wave :) ....And gifti.ca is fully on git now as well, including the build scripts. Happy days. are you the engine for use in AIR, or just a client? Windows: The only thing I'll mainly use Windows for is games, my apps to it, and a few other things. Finished the major component in the ASP.Net application at work to MVC. Linq and some re engineering reduced LOC to half of before. Phone Power adapter working of = outgoing calls but no incoming yet This may be do to the number from Broadvox Direct I am my phone to globalinx I made the mistake of not telling my phone company to keep my dsl,now I am without dsl for 3 days bumer Was from Ntelos. Problem was on their end, not yours. Love you again! ^_^ our health insurance from one company to another company for greater benefits may not always a good thing. Cell phone saga continues. MetroPCS was holding up the of my phone number. No cell until 11pm or so.. Grrrrr While we wait for phone Free Visual Voicemail For BlackBerries Available Via HulloMail - InformationWeek missing sync is not my photos to my phone. I'm annoyed Found Title Permissions module for D5 and a to D6. I will probably do my own If you're thinking of to Win32 I might be able to help with that if you want? actually we are cesar.de from mysql and typo3 to our own small framework connected to a - nice ;-) are you from a land line? a project from Symfony 1.0 to 1.3 and rewriting it to use Doctrine instead of Propel is not as simple as I thought it was :-S the weather.....NOW! :o) Man I sure am in alot of Verizon customers to Sprint. Gotta love Anymobile, Anytime! D. There's some cool metaprogramming one can use to make it easier to use than (e.g.) Java. I can help with :) Either way, the community will be grateful that you're it, then again so will you'd save him some time. Lol. i cant find out if the 2.5 there has the twitter tab it's well annoying So, Ping is essentially BBM for iPhone? Would it to BBos be feasible? Cross-compatible IM would be nice... fixed some bugs in the dm-crypt kernel module of NAS now lets the userland Applications :) they XCS to x86 or is it already on x86? they EVA to x86 or is it already on Intel? Spotify is just ace, period. it onto iPhone & Android is a real deal maker for when I upgrade my phone.. I'm contemplating stealing your templates and them to HiSlain for my blog. Its hard from transistors embedded in jello to anything else. I'll probably get back to my of Java Lucene to AS, this week. Need to more java.io classes to AS for it to work feel free to review my account and let me know. I'm just a customer trying to spend more money with Comcast by my
filled stanwell silver spigot 186 with spilman mixture. discover water off in house. Oops turned off one spigot in the house too many, turn water to house back on And pouring like a crazy spigot in the sky now: Ugh, disgusting. At a water fountain, someone bumps into me, my lips hit the spigot. That just makes me want to puke all over your head, sir I can send you a recommend if you'd like. You can never find a good lender when you need one. Reality TV encourages sniping & back-biting. Turn off that $ spigot? No way! 4/8 Checking on the Lombard St. hydrants now. I noted "spigot-flushing" on Wash. Blvd in Ridgelys Delight recently. Surprise, now my nose is running like a spigot. Really gearing up for Peachtoberfest. The Bell's cask conditioned is gonna rock. We just put it on the bar and put a spigot in it. I would love a nap. I would also love to have a spigot installed in my head to assist with the draining of all this mucus. TMI, FTW. Puffing Dominican Glory on my Peterson double silver spigot fishtail. That's a big tap. My biggest English is 3/8. What's the barrel made of? Can you use a cpvc pipe-->3/4 female-->spigot? 3/4" pipe tap to thread my rain barrel to accecpt spigot Had to quit following All he does is tweet. Fire hose... full spigot:) (Twitter rules are ... Slap? The dolphin? Flog the Molly? Choke the Spigot? re: full spigot fire hose...pour it on, baby. real geeks don't need twitter swim lessons. Had to quit following All he does is tweet. Fire hose... full spigot:) (Twitter rules are for the weak!) Had to quit following All he does is tweet. Fire hose... full spigot:) Engineering at it's best an electrical outlet next to a water spigot, lol. Bath tub patched, but found a bigger problem. The pipe to the spigot is leaking mighty fierce. How clean is that fresh water spigot? How do you know when turkey bacon is done? The 'Share on Facebook' bookmarklet is slicker and easier than any schmancy plugin. Who the hell doesn't know what a spigot is?.. haha.. Oh, Houston... My bad.. The coffee pitches a young spigot. dear LA: any chance of tightening the nozzle on the douchebag spigot? already plenty out here, thank you very much. I think it's been fixed.The spigot? got out of place.sleep now. again tomorrow. x Can you dig it like a spigot? My guess is yes you can like, can I kick it? Stick with the box of wine. No corks, just turn the spigot. Inground water valve: Many years back my father installed a back yard spigot near his garden. The sh.. West worries if Iran has nukes, Israel will use theirs to destroy them. Then oil spigot shuts off & western economy collapses Chocolate, whole, or skim? ot a spigot for each TBWA's Carroll: "No matter where you go in the world, people love being of the global economy. . . . You can't shut that spigot off." Apple, Inc. (AAPL) Discussed on CNBC's Street Signs: Announced that the acquisition spi spigot had been turned .. Apple, Inc. (AAPL) Discussed on CNBC's Street Signs: Announced that the acquisition spi spigot had been turned .. Man, the vampires at the lab were fast and efficient today. My little vein was like a spigot for once. (0.o)''' So just sent me this video of a cat poking it's head under a water spigot bwwwhahaha! - Hot! Just don't put your finger in the spigot or you'll get electrocuted! I haven't been to the Spigot in years! Steve Davis, jazz trombone extraordinare, is pointing out the glory of a man's bathrobe at the spigot. the spigot, still got that solo hotdog in the heater? The place where we used to watch final 4 before they moved it to Monday I was thinking of making a pipe, but the spigot would be metal so the balance would be hard to achieve. sunflower=easier Trying to finish a translation and a sink full of dishes, then I'll hopefully catch up to you @ the Spigot. More For PE To Drink From The InBev Deal Spigot?: An update on the PE deals still coming out of t.. Another five ounces down the spigot. Late September in Rhode Island, and I'm dancing through the sprinkler in my Speedo, with my darling daughter! (She prefers the spigot.) I expect the % to be higher soon. Find the audience, attach a soc. media spigot, turn on, and drop them into Lyris email lists. :) My 2 yr old boy found the spigot on the hot water tank and mildly flooded the basement... 2ndary Fermentation was a necessity, as the spigot gasket began to leak. Hopefully this will not throw off the fermentation
Technology rewires the processes of our mind--back it up with yoga!! 4 babes Elizabeth Arden - Splendour *red face* that thing is an afrodisiac to me mehn...it jus rewires my sexual circuitry smehw see, law school completey rewires your brain to think that things like 8,000 pages of reading are normal. Turning mental recovery into a game that rewires your brain (via Interesting After Transplant, Brain Rewires Left Hand First KidrobotRules Terri Timely plugs into potatoes, munches on poetry and rewires ur brain film,"Synesthesia." Terri Timely plugs into potatoes, munches on poetry and rewires your brain in his film, "Synesthesia."
Yes, 500Mb is actually an awful lot (I've barely used a gig on my iPhone in a year) but psychologically it's *miles* away from "unlimited". Link: if you're psychologically normal.... - The story is this, a girl was out with friends having drinks,... watching In The Night Garden- think it would have disturbed me psychologically if I'd watched it 15 years ago... Just posted "BTW psychologically interesting that only Huddies feel the need to insult others ;P" on Just posted "BTW psychologically interestint that only Huddies feel the need to insult other" on Bit of variety, not constantly plugging a product! Also, little and often! Psychologically feels like conversation not lecture no cuz you'll think I'm a psychologically damaged nutcase even though I'm not... :( i'm psychologically scarred by what you called 'natural bodily function' Thas aiite. I just brush it off (psychologically) & tell myself Like Dirk Diggler, without the giant cock. Absolutly great movie. It was a fun horrer/thriller, and really psychologically tormenting at the end. It is psychologically more difficult to be poorer when others are getting richer than to be poorer when all others are getting poorer. forget about the 'status quo'. And rebellion against it. Women and men are psychologically different, am i wrong? shes far better equipped psychologically for the role. Something which most new age 'liberals' forget when they diss ancien ... It almost doesn't matter anymore re: talent. He's just too psychologically scarred, like Carr & his sack flinching. Stupid Experimetrix!! I dont want to go get psychologically tested again tmrw morning, i want to sleep in! There is always another level especially psychologically. Barriers somehow seem to reside in the mind. so the boys from the psychologically proven most impressionable ages 4-8 saw dad 1. drunk 2. beat mom 3. cheat on mom while she worked Becoming Psychologically Unemployable is the First Step to Freedom - "Why have 12 lame periods a year when you can have just 1,extremely violent, psychologically damaging menstruation?" Big headache today!!!! Soooo tired.. ugh......... :( If you realize that those who do mean things are psychologically ill, your feelings of anger will turn to feelings of pity. - Peace Pilgrim My point exactly. Women live in a society unfriendly to the act of conception socially, psychologically, as well as physically. its like moving around psychologically and verbally Why have 12 lame periods a year when u can have 1 extremely violent psychologically damaging menstruation? "Why have 12 lame periods a year when you can have just one, extremely violent, psychologically damaging menstruation?" It's staggering news. 50% young ppl unemployed? To graduate fr college...and do NOTHING? A killer psychologically. can't physically or psychologically MAKE myself happy right now. Taking a nap before work. xoxo. "...pickle!" *giggle* (So I'm psychologically 5 years old... so SUE I spend every work day pointing out all the things that are wrong with stuff. What do you think that does to a person, psychologically? Haha! Psychologically I think I am... Children who are abused physically and psychologically, hunger?? We need public figures?? God!!!!!! Right, it's a traditional flashback structure. Not psychologically-charged subjective views on a single traumatic event. my pal is psychologically incapable of being generous sick world, psychologically messed up by the media. Repentance is not a psychologically sound process anyway. Why put yourself through that when you're already vulnerable? Best we forget. Unemployment tkng a toll on Gen Y psychologically as well as economically. New post: Unemployment is taking a toll on Gen Y psychologically as well as economically. Why does the right have a psychologically-telling fixation with Hitler? Has-been Kirk Cameron too. Know the best time of the day when you are "psychologically" best for making a Forex trading decision Know the best time of the day when you are "psychologically" best for making a Forex trading decision Korsakovia: psychologically demented mod for half-life 2, released a few days ago. Gott check it out. I was just passing through. I am that single sandled one socker today (psychologically) Psychologically, this gets deeper. psychologically its called contagion effect If you do the crime, you should do the time. Due 2 Polanski's status thou, this could psychologically traumatise his victim again psychologically speaking grey is an indecisive color & an to blend in I believe. So I'd pick red. Fascinated by: Psychologically - is there an imprinted "moral matrix?" Also - how do you respond to that w/the gospel?
Wishful thinking I guess What's the point of a Gay woman if she's going to use penetrable objects? but is it a 'silo' if you can surf it? Silos are in penetrable by definition; might it be a 'clustered affinity group'? its penetrable... but i will not confirm or deny on how. even thought I found some info on the net.
Lunch has been lunched, I've finished one inbox, now onto the next...this week is going to be a busy one! SRG lunched a relief goods mobilization operation..just drop off in any SRG branch and give some donations it can be foods,clothes or money. Lunched on the spanish plain on the way to Seville . Asked for coffee in beautiful spanish and got nothing. Should have had fanta I lunched a Pan Piza. Those things are stupid... Lunched in class lol i lunched at Han Kook Gwan Korean Restaurant, 26 Tanjong Pagar Road. and I have a low tolerance for spicyness haha. :P Lunched next to guys discussing their communist memberships. Both were in Brooks Brothers and red suspenders. Still confused. I read B. Walters twitter msg today: "Lunched w/ Prime Minister of Australia". I lunched with my cat...boy, sure puts life in perspective! The two women I lunched w/ today should be on the list. and are amazing. i've only lunched once with you and we've worked on union how long? ;) Awesome day. Worked at Lunched with and Coffee w/@heathr. Now Korean BBQ with :) Awesome day. Worked at Lunched with and Coffee with Now Korean BBQ with :) Awesome day. Worked at Lunched with and Coffee with Now Korean BBQ with :) went to class, walked the dog, lunched with eric, ran many several errands, unloaded car, dinner. tired now. OSP LUNCHED IMMIGRATION TO CANADA (BWPP1200): WE Offring THE lowest cost OF canada IMMIGRATION FOR PEOPLE WHO A.. just lunched at Taqueria - 322 W Hastings and I am in love, told them they should take their meat to the street and give Japa Dog a run! It's actually pretty funny because we almost lunched at Cafe Yum...Le sigh. Well looks like somebody's carpet is gonna get lunched 8) ahaha "the L Word " xD I just lunched new channel up on youtube. If you like it, please subscribe me! . My New photo project (website re-lunched) That's okay, I lunched through work so it evens out. Microsoft lunched new program WebsiteSpark Now you can develop using VS legally with no costs for three years. lunched on the 34st post office stairs, very near the spot where someone was stabbed, killed yest. in broad daylight. yup still in Now I can't even go to dance, dinner with aunt and uncle, who I lunched with yesterday. I can't say no but ... but... lunched at the picnic table outside. then just laid on the bench enjoying the wind & sun for about 15 minutes. gorgeous day. Paris re. Nomiya--Everett (Paris Contributor to Cravings) lunched there w/chef Daniel Rose recently. Said only view was interesting. Another upscaleish Burmese spot opened on Clement, btwn, um, 7th & 8th? Lunched there, not bad! WIll get name. Need to add to list! Lunched at myhotel in bedford square and relaxed for the first time in 2 months lunched, pondering lunched with Sharifah, Teresa, Hidayah and Khairil's gf. has now lunched and will be off to the skip in a minute Legs are better than breasts IMO. Breasts are always tough and dry, legs are much jucier. Lunched on KFC and the breasts were lao mu ji... Lunched with Aisyah. Talked alot ;) Lunched at an excellent restaurant yesterday, Balaam's in Pewsey, Wiltshire Try it out if you are in the area. Lunched. DES Western Food. No Twitpic. Ate it all. aight yall i just lunched my new myspace! check it out. sorry for the mess ups they are being worked on. U LUNCHED ITS THE FUNNIEST SHOW hi Hun. I'm a Conference twitter this week. So much to take in today that I've totally lunched it. 2moro will b blow-by-blow tho!! Lunched at the Barn near Oban attached video of folk musicians arriving and warming up. Food excellent - keen prices Lunched at The Woodhouse on Sydenham hill. Banana bread beer. Yummay Mummay HQ tho. Safire passing is sad. He lunched at Loeb's almost daily. Use to see him most every time I was there. Did yoga, lunched on hummus, now for a patented Sunday afternoon nap. Lunched with Ritchie(Director) and Rupinder(Lead)for AMAL. Catch their film, it made a lot of noise @ I took my shower, I lunched, Now I'm rady to go shopping!! Yayy!! See ya!! ;) Lunched, relaxed, MIKA blasting. Happy days. Obviously time for some maths prep. And maybe, just maybe some Glee.
a hashtag? there should be one, if only some alters chime in we could trend in no time! Lie to me! 4 alters? They so stole that from Monk! But its cool... dude. are you feeling intoxicated? no thats just my hand flow. it alters the universe. A player alters another player's line of play. Ruling? I've read that just one hit of meth permanently alters brain chemistry and causes cravings for more. Is that true? I'm trying to figure out why Charles Bernard alters his voice for these vid tuts in Imagine FX. Like he's some criminal or something? A plagiarist and a fellow loon who hides behind "alters." What about NG? You forgot to mention him. Would u like poncho goblin to pee on u?? Miss the alters! So happy for my baby she just got a wii! My neighbor is a pot smoker. he smokes then drives w/ his kid. That doable? Or like drunk driving? UNSAFE! Alters reflexes. Ever have one of those back pops that alters your whole posture? The crunch you feel in your soul? Sweet release... Awesome (@ashleyyfoo) one little difference alters the entire universe am i right? one little difference alters the entire universe am i right? last I checked a 3sum depnded on the active So now the ratio of men to women alters that? Wanna know what alters my decisions more than alcohol? Big eyes and cleavage. A player alters another player's line of play. Ruling? FOCUSED...or just CRAZY?! ill go with JUST CRAZY and its one of her "alters" directing her work! lol! What if the physician alters the Plan of Care
9:15pm still "enjoying" full Ky AG District Presbytery meetings; listening to visionary discussions of church planting & revitalizations!
My 2 year old daughter is singing "Clean up, clean up, everybody! Clean up, clean up, rancors! Clean up, clean up, Princess Leia!" LOVE the shrine! You're of the praise! My place is full of Vader, jawas, rancors & of course, <3 That is one fabulous You must be flattered R2! My place is full of Vader, jawas, rancors & yes, R2 (of course!) <3 Rancors Love to Read: Star Wars Book Reviews: David's Bonus Review ...: The of Star Wars: The Clone Wars.. Rancors Love to Read: Star Wars Book Reviews: David's Bonus Review ...: The of Star Wars: The Clone Wars..
who is only a tiny silk shawl's length away from the Higher Worlds. Now looking 4 potentized cyberchocolate. who is only a tiny silk shawl's length away from the Higher Worlds. Right now looking for potentized cyber-chocolate.
The obvious answer being the marginalization of women in specific cultural minorities. Biggest change coming will be the marginalization of venture capital in the future. Carrier Marginalization II: Verizon Wireless vs. App Stores - A very good perspective! Because I'm not using socially back power of marginalization to boost the effects of my words, like cis folk do? Gambian president tells the UN that Africa has suffered Racism, Marginalization, Unfair Trade etc from the West Carrier Marginalization II: Verizon Wireless vs. App Stores (via Carrier Marginalization II: Verizon Wireless vs. App Stores Title for my religion paper- The Simultaneity of Identity Crisis and Marginalization: How Faulty Labels Lead to Mainstream Resistance Marginalization of San people in Botswana getting media attention again. The downside: potential success marginalization for Desmond/Penny narrative on and that makes me sad. Botswana: Sparks New Row Over Indigenous San: A on the marginalization of Botswana's San people b.. BOTSWANA: San controversy rekindled: Source: IRIN A on the marginalization of Botswana's San people by Why are there only skinny or plus-sized models? What about average-sized models? I still see marginalization here!!! A common example is of such an externality is double marginalization. Double marginalization occurs when both the upstream and You're being overly nitpicky. There is a clear saturation of the term as a method of marginalization. That's a fact. The failure to understand that consensual sexuality is all good leads to harassment, oppression, and marginalization of sex workers .@BarbKey: Weaponization of a word requires marginalization. At most someone is asking you to avoid a word. That's not marginalization. The whole reason why the word is at all is psychological association with the harm of marginalization. .@BarbKey And the reason why it's painful from others is because that control is once again denied them in marginalization. I'm beginning to reasearch the concepts of space and place in the marginalization of the homeless for a paper presentation at a conference. The resignation of the highest Shi'ite official in the of Dammam,Saudi Arabia 4 marginalization: The resignation.. Today is "Celebrate Bisexuality Day", was conceived as a response to the prejudice and marginalization of the...
BAGS BAGS BAGS! Just launched! Accessorize your dress with Jimmy Choo, Halston, DVF, Marc Jacobs etc - think Spice Kerry Katona Jordan corn rows bling Burberry classics & accessorize with THIS: Brides - Time to accessorize! is gonna help you get accessorized for your day! CHECK IT OUT!! Brides - Time to accessorize! is gonna help you get accessorized for your day! CHECK IT OUT!! Brides - Time to accessorize! is gonna help you get accessorized for your day! Link to follow.... With the more feminine, tailored silhouettes for FALL its more than ever for pregant women to accessorize... Open = new pink. Accessorizing is key.] Only our ability2 accessorize distinguishes us from dumb beasts<-I like that! It's time to update your wardrobe for the fall. Let's accessorize with lia sophia jewelry. Contact me today to book a show! [@VanessaAlvarez1: Open = new pink. Accessorizing is key.] Only our ability to accessorize distinguishes us from dumb beasts. Good Morning! Accessorize with this Red Coral & Turquoise Bracelet! on behalf of the Pittsburgh gay community, we would like your card and free toaster back until you learn to accessorize properly. the scarves are coming out...men, we can accessorize without being judged again! sound good though... Maybe u need to accessorize! Send pic! check this style with Belgrade, Chain BG - Now this is how to accessorize! I Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Accessorize their platforms improve their computer video gaming experience Oct 27, 2009: Crafty, Kinky Halloween Costumes at Babeland: Accessorize .. Saw chio masks @ accessorize. Really hope the theme for prom is masquerade. Versace Women's Nappa Satchel | This bag is extremely gorgeous and is accessorize.. Great Ways to Accessorize a Flower Girl Dress Accessorize is full of pompoms - sent me off on a nostalgia trip - ah pom pom pets not the ones where the balls are ... Accessorize is full of pompoms - sent me off on a nostalgia trip - ah pom pom pets not the ones where the balls are pre-made that's cheating I wish I could accessorize like Rachel Zoe. Seriously, I think I have a handicap -- To accessorize.
Pollution weakens, feminizes & culls males, esp when uncontrolled. Cairo anyone?
Very cool. That setting, Vegas sub-city is RIPE for fictionalization. Unique city to feed off of. Fictionalization! (By which I mean: make good choices on Friday nights that will continue to be good choices on Saturday mornings.) My Zenobia comes from the novel A Blithedale Romance by Hawthorne. She's a fictionalization of Margaret Fuller.
colorists "see" in CMYK and RGB!! Great morning inspiration & a quick read for colorists from about Roy Peters of Keune: EXPERIENCED STYLISTS, COLORISTS, massage therapist, nail technician wanted (Gold Coast), with following please explain why anyone made those topics? Damn colorists! Anyone of my LR ladytweeters have reccs for a hip and not ridic expensive hair salon with good colorists? Watching medium. And wonders how patricia arquettes hair looks so perfect all the time. Must be the best hairstylists and colorists.. (cont) I host a Coloring Challenge for colorists on a colorist's forum site called I was wondering if I could... Good morning Scott. My name is Eric White. I write a weekly column for for aspiring comic colorists &... Inker/Colorists, professional or otherwise: If you've got coloring samples, let me take a look if you're interested in a relatively quick $5 Gray hair...can be a gray matter! Don't let it be. Our colorists can give you natural looking color. Check out a new way of coloring gray! So, anyone know any out of work inkers/colorists? "Now I just need to find a colorist. Anyone know of any decent colorists looking to get exposure on an 8-page story?" Now I just need to find a colorist. Anyone know of any decent colorists looking to get exposure on an 8-page story? Open Question: Professional colorists: will a hair color with peroxide in it lighten my hair and more.... Open Question: Professional colorists: will a hair color with peroxide in it lighten my hair and more.... Experienced Hairstylists and Colorists needed at Grapevine Salons 4 Austin locations call today 512-485-1000 see our web site Open Question: Professional colorists: will a hair color with peroxide in it lighten my hair and more.... Open Question: Professional colorists: will a hair color with peroxide in it lighten my hair and more.... Open Question: Professional colorists: will a hair color with peroxide in it lighten my hair and more.... Open Question: Professional colorists: will a hair color with peroxide in it lighten my hair and more.... Open Question: Professional colorists: will a hair color with peroxide in it lighten my hair and more.... Open Question: Professional colorists: will a hair color with peroxide in it lighten my hair and more.... We are looking for talented Colorists and Designers to our Advanced Training Program and become GJ My color class for 60 wonderful salon colorists at DEPAUSQUALE was a joy to present. Lots of info on Minardi product and Lakme Color.
I'm always conflicted about american apparel. Fair wages = hurrah, pedophilia and hyper sexualization = boo. Hollywood would love to make pedophilia acceptable. CatholicChurch: It's not pedophilia if the child is pubescent! Also only 1 in 20 priests! Also Prots and Jews! No offense, Gigs, but I don't think for dropping charges against Polanski=condoning pedophilia. Am I the only one who sees a pretty stark difference between pedophilia and ephebophilia? Uh... Wow. Wtf? Singer of the official band for the Danish neo-Nazi accused of pedophilia Vatican: Most clerical abuse not pedophilia, but homosexual abuse of adolescents Agreed. Since when does the passage of time and fame make pedophilia acceptable? Lead singer of the official band for the Danish neo-Nazi political accused of pedophilia Hobbs Twilight also promotes borderline pedophilia. Edward is 104 years old. Bella is 17. That ain't right. oh yeah.... little sisters very often use words like pedophilia, abusive, and thesaurus... Polanski's cultural contributions to the world are of no consequence. If he is not returned, then you may as well condone pedophilia. huh? pedophilia and abusive relationships...?? when? and why are you telling me this? Helloooooooo Polanski.....she was a 13 year-old girl......dude pay your debt to society....what you did is called Pedophilia Nazi rocker accused of pedophilia: The lead singer of the official band for the Danish neo-Nazi political Wh.Goldberg reflects Left's accomm. 4 many amoralities: "13 yr old consented" etc., hideous rationalizaton excusing pedophilia Edward/Carlisle. It's like pedophilia. NO, excellence does not justify pedophilia emm.. the wonderful aroma from a simple piece of paper.. *I sound like pedophilia, but i'm clean&straight ok! >.< Most unheard of Audio: Obama's "Safe Schools Czar" Admits Hiding Pedophilia From Officials Obama's Safe Schools Czar Hid Case of Pedophilia ~~Another Czar needs to go.. Obama's Safe School Czar is guilty of hiding homosexual pedophilia of a 15 yr old boy who came to him for advice: Audio: Obama's "Safe Schools Czar" Admits Hiding Pedophilia From Officials Audio: Obama's "Safe Schools Czar" Admits Hiding Pedophilia From Officials Nazi rocker accused of pedophilia Nothing says "I don't masturbate" like insestual pedophilia and abduction stories. Yup_#Obama "Safe Schools Czar" Admits Hiding Pedophilia From Officials 09/27/2009 Dr Schreier discusses pedophilia with Simon Badinter on WGN Radio: Simon Rendezvous Haha! yeahh, the pedophilia look. haha, "Safe Schools" Hid [& possibly abetted?] Case of Simple! I wanted a son. I am a gay man & some countries do not understand the difference between homosexuality and pedophilia. a Having sex ONE TIME with a minor does not make him a pedophile. As I said, pedophilia is deeper than that. So much for keeping kids safe. Jennings, Safe School Czar hides pedophilia from school officials. i wonder if engaging in sexual acts with her is considered pedophilia??? my vote is yes Hey, I thought your joke about resenting black presidents who travel was funny. Pedophilia & Pederasty too nasty 4 jokes. Polanski is a "great so his pedophilia should be excused? Of course not! He and his defenders are disgusting! Currently reading this Audio: Obama's "Safe Schools Czar" Admits Hiding Pedophilia From Officials ... I want to see Uwe Boll direct the Polanski biopic. Pedophilia AND werewolves? How can America lose? Bring back HUAC Obama's Safe School Czar Hid Case of Pedophilia :: Yid With Lid Obama's Safe School Czar Hid Case of Pedophilia :: Yid With Lid Pedo AnTs, besides pedophilia, what other mental disorders, diagnosed or suspected, do you have? Most unheard of As a teacher, O's "safe schools czar" Kevin Jennings hid a case of pedophilia if u make decent escapism the world excuses ur pedophilia ( R Kelly) As a teacher, O's "safe schools czar" Kevin Jennings hid a case of pedophilia Obama's Safe Schools Czar Hid Case of Pedophilia Safe Schools Czar Hid Case of Pedophilia
Remember! Costumier Q&A Coming Soon! (Would've been sooner, only I got hospitalized earlier due to an EXTREME owie.) big don the costumier is the greatest place on forget disneyland. vintage costumes plskthnks.
I'd look at externalizing that kind of stuff in maybe you should check out StoragePoint?
Residency restrictions are making people less safe as it destabilizes sex offenders. They're becoming the new trolls or goblins IMF Destabilizes Honduras by recognizing Zelaya, Central Bank Chief Says "Crossdressing destabilizes morality." So according to "Krazie," it was OK to execute Joan Of Arc, who was "inspired by God..." I think he just said crossdressing somehow destabilizes morality. Wow Excedrin destabilizes my subjunctive mood. Glad you didn't punch out the center of the ring. As good as it looks, it destabilizes the ring. More breakage = :-( ICANN's letting a few hundred gTLDs out of the bag does nothing for real competition & destabilizes the present web addressing system Guess the film: "Rage destabilizes occupying force.": Clue: This film was made in 2007 and stars Carlyle
Don't want to sleep at this point, I want to watch the sky colorize itself slowly from my window! ha- [new post]: Ray-ban colorize Color Quizzes to Define How to Colorize Your Interior -Home Improvement Silly me, thought there was some easy way to colorize, not sure which program? check out the ray ban ad. its called colorize never hide! Colorize! Ray ban shades .. dont know which to buy.. again wayfarers or clubmasters .... sorry, more precise: it shows the default colors (too bright & dark) over ssh, but local bash sessions custom colorize fine. Colorize ? or Colourise in British English ? don't know Wrote my first GIMP script-fu script to batch colorize images. Debugging one is awful... decide. that word was inexcusably omitted from last tweet. "...however, DECIDE to colorize..." doh! now i have decided to go to bed :0) I did; however, to colorize the profile pic...having too much fun with photogene for iphone ;) LOVE that app! Color Quizzes to Define How to Colorize Your Interior- More often than not you are pretty much sure which colors yo... Never Hide...COLORIZE!!! all rights reserved Is the Live Trace feature in CS3? I don't have CS2. I don't even use the colorize filter. I just select with the pen tool then choose a... itll give the same results (pretty much) BUT. i like colorized Live Traces so much more than the colorize filter. HELLO DEMETRIA colorize your hair .. because your natural hair is light brown .. no? or am I wrong? Hear colorize To colorize with adjustment layers in photoshop is way slow and hard... but it looks way better and its easier to fix any mistake even color water can't colorize up my life just like you colorize up my life.. I will to colorize my hair black!! <3 You need to colorize yourself now! How to Colorize your Drawings: On the trip to my hometown I drew a picture of an afghan woman with a pencil. I thought i The Pirate Bay IMDB Ratings [v3] by beatniak: Uses IMDB movie ratings to resize and colorize .. lmao i NEVER went through that phase!!! - me neither! I said having weave is enough how dare I colorize it! Make my logo bigger, colorize the ad... AFF. Nobody deserves it.
frustrated... when you schematizes something that in the end won't turn in anything. F** destiny
Can't understand defense of Polanski. Rape and sodomize 13yo but hey that's ok. We're a sick efn world. Apparently, if you drug, rape and sodomize a 13-year old, the real crime is not being able to finish your precious fims. Tyson beckford.... Why dude?!? Sodomize my president?!? WTF?!?!?!? Respect=0 (omg lmfaooooooo) And while at it Lucifer also personally sodomize those who stole n r stealin fro textbk, IDPs n AIDS kitty, Mau suckers,Kiraitu n Bett And while Lucifer also personally sodomize those who stole n r stealin fro textbk, IDPs n AIDS kitty, Mau suckers,Kiraitu n Bett May Lucifer personally sodomize those who shot the kids in Thika ova pineapples. Use ua red hot dick, Diablo. Every time I look at my phone initially I think it says SODOMIZE. I don't know why regular french people know that when you give drug alcohol to a 13 yo in order to sodomize her = pedophile. Tyson beckford.... Why dude?!? Sodomize my president?!? WTF?!?!?!? Respect=0 Ya'll better leave my President alone! Tyson Beckford wants to sodomize him and Facebook pollsters want him dead! What's the world comin 2?! i told him i wanted to sodomize him with my foot. no wonder he thinks i'm weird. :( how can u be a holocaust survivor, make beautiful movies, have your wife brutally murdered then rape/sodomize a 13 y/o? People on Twitter who put the period INSIDE the quotation mark at the end of a sentence turn me on. I wanna sodomize your Grammorrah. get me those chukas and I won't sodomize your children - it was unbelievably terrible what happened to sharon tate, etc, but no excuse to drug and sodomize a 13yo girl or ne1 else. Hey New Yawkaz! I'll be in NYC around OCT 10-12. Who's in town? What should I eat? Do the police still sodomize brown folk w/ broom handles? Don't struggle while I sodomize you. She turned back and told me to fuck her little asshole. She wanted me to sodomize her in a house of "god" I pressed against her hole WTF? once a butt pirate, always a butt pirate! Bossip News! Tyson Beckford says, He Was GAY, He Would Sodomize Obama when your roommate is jewish and you are dating/ sodomize him legally.....I'm sure he won't mind! Guys Tyson Beckford says that if he was gay, he'd SODOMIZE OBAMA; READ STORY ON Ok Im on all the sites and all I see is Tyson Beckford saing he would sodomize Barack Obama while Michelle is holdin da camera dat just GAY! Bossip News! Tyson Beckford says "If He Was GAY, He Would Sodomize Obama"... In Hollywd, if you use a racial slur, you'll never be seen or heard from again. Drug and sodomize a 13yo girl, and you get an Academy Award. Moon and the Michael Bay film Pearl Harbor are very similar in that they both sodomize the sensib.. Mike Moon and the Michael Bay film Pearl Harbor are very similar in that they both sodomize the sensibilities. Why do French people think it's okay for a 44-year-old man to drug and then fuck and sodomize a 13-year-old girl? How, when or where is it okay for 44-year-old man to drug and then have sex and sodomize a 13-year-old girl? When is it okay for 44-year-old man to drug and then have sex and sodomize a 13-year-old girl? so I seriously hate my manager...he's not even MY manager he's A fuckin manager...he can go sodomize a goat, die 4 all I really give a fuck! William Safire's Dead Ghost Heard Screaming in Langley, Foggy Bottom: "SODOMIZE THE WITCHES!!!" WHAT THE FUCK. that kind of shit makes me want to sodomize assholes like that with barbed wire. Roman "Farce of justice." Um, really? He did rape and sodomize a 13 yr old girl. So it's okay to sodomize a 13 year old girl you gave drugs and alcohol to if people like your movies and you hold a dual citizenship? "Make Rosemary's Baby, you're a genius, but you sodomize ONE kid" -Roman Polanski via@TorontoStar Ay went to beat-a-bish into coma jus so he can sodomize her n tie her up in his auntie backyard n feed her Kibbles n Bits Joe about my chem teacher, "I don't care, i'll sodomize it with the fuckin thunderstick 2000 (attempted harry potter reference). WHAT WOULD YOU DO FOR THE NDT? Rhiannon (channeling Binghamton): "Would you sodomize a COW?" Suzy: "YES. WITH MY BARE HANDS." its illegal to date sodomize women in california Thanks ryan reed. I truely love you. Sodomize me cap'n! :-D Everyone at Bank of America can sodomize themselves with retractable batons.
Damn it. I just got a Father Ted quote wrong. I feel ashamed. :( Wants to attend the TED India :( I don't like A|X :P but I love Ted Baker. Guess which want I want go get for you? :P Jerk. Gimme some oysters 'n stop being 'shellfish' haha. And yeah, 2002 Ted was an ass :P Watching Raw, duh. Oh wow ted and cody Mouthing on of couse. :P Still no Ted i am gonna be sad and disappointed :( A beautiful but very busy day for us! Doubt I'll be online long tonight. Ted's surgery tomorrow morning! No time for Cats on Tuesday :( Ted moved out of my window. :( Awez, XD! I'd like to see Ted get a push, but I won't like seeing him away from Randy and Cody, :( I'm sorry Ted that sucks. :( Btw, 18 cards!! I might do the last few on Bobby. I only got 12 on Ted. All the rest are Jack :P Whoops! I think karma is getting it's own back on me. I made fun of the weeeird thing on ted dibiases ear, now I have a spot on my ear. It's sore :( Remembed to watch father ted tonight :L can't wait, eddie is tryin to TJ himself out of going to bed early :P when will he learn ?? aww Thanks ALOT sis ! :D <3 yalla 3aad , 3gb TED , The Oscars :P looool Watching better off Ted. It's pretty funny!! Lead guy is hot! :P sheesh, i'm a huge father ted fan and you never tweet about me. :-( Finally, got my first Twitter account... Don't really know what 2 say yet besides RIP Ted Kennedy! :( Now I'm watching Wayne's World 2 with my muuum! XD She loves these movies :P We need to get Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure on DVD D: Cupid, Samantha Who, and previously Pushing Daisies :( But I've still got Better off Ted and Ugly Betty :) Watching 'Age of Stupid' ... I feel sorry for Ted's children :P (Sorry, bad joke.. haha) fantasy football tweeps, should i Ted Ginn or Lee Evans? i HAVE to beat today-i already lost to last week :( fantasy football tweeps, i HAVE to beat today-i already lost to last week :( should i Ted Ginn or Lee Evans? - omg i wrote led not ted :( omg im havin a bad day :( Had fun with Austin and Sweet Boyfriend. At cameron's for a bit. Going home soon. Pastor Ted's last day tomorrow :( Why is Ted DiBiase Jr. so perfect and why can't he be cloned? I want one. :( Pmsl we love the DO you know who i think it secretly is? mrs doyle off father ted! she's now on twitter :P xx wakaka have a nice late nite activity ya ted :P *tarik selimut* oops......... supplies again! :( nw it is MD , ICE and TED sayyy WHAT?!! as if! not even oprah got a set visit to eclipse!! according to ted casablanca... :S OMG ARE YOU SRS !! when?! :P Global Integrity on TEDFellows blog in that Nathaniel wasn't selected as a TED Fellow this yr. TED, boo :( haha! Fudge reminded me of Ted Mosbey and HIMYM :P Ew, no longer vomit free since '03 :( vomit free since '09 doesn't have the same ring to it. I need to speak to ted mosby for so where did Scott and ted go? it's been ages :( discovered another hilarious TV series: Better Off Ted - left me laughing @ 2 in the morning :P :| just like you told Bryan.? :P ithink Ted is hawt. and so do thousands of other qirls :P is she on twitter? Sorry about missing you ring btw, I was with Ted. Hope your day's better tomorrow :( 2 months later is gonna really help find your purse! Ridiculous! I thought the same as Ted, not good :( my top 3 vinyl are: Fleetwood Mac "Rumors", Ted Leo "shake the sheets" and Patti Smith "Horses". all at home :( and i told them i wanted to hold a bigger TEDx. for that they wanted me to attend a TED conference. I said: Sure! :P Wild blueberries are now finished :( Gorgeous celery from Ted Thorpe and the last of the peach crop coming today from Duncan Smith. Awesome! I paddled 40 minutes & then walked an hour and 40 minutes at Ted Harvey, mostly on the beach. No running though. :( Also, random, yes, but speaking of how awesome was it to see a glimpse of Ted the other night on Heroes? Made me miss those boys :( yes!! was watching the series finale of s2 of doctor who!! :( gonna watch some father ted to cheer me up tho! :) Up next: bloodwork to understand peas, eggwhites & soy. Nuts prob caused his ted drewes anaphylaxis. He is PISSED about so many positives :( yeah you really haven't ted, you suck :P Worse thing is he does it all the time then stopped for a while coz I was havn a major whinge abt it to ted b4.. And now its again :( Any idea where I can find a clip of you callin ted a silly white boy. Youtube don't have it :-(
Word i forgot about: untrammeled. Goal: use it unflinchingly. an enemy of the status quo who insisted on a world where untrammeled expression is found freely "The first principle of a free society is an untrammeled flow of words in an open forum." Adlai Stevenson "The first principle of a free society is an untrammeled flow of words in an open forum." Adlai Stevenson Be undone and you shall find thyself naked, bare to the world, untrammeled, unbound and free, alone together with thy soul, blessed by nude. cupola,drench,despondent, untrammeled ,depository,phantom,morbid,downtrodden,
I did miss it yesterday In case you missed them yesterday... Caramelized Onion Burgers --> In case you missed them yesterday... Caramelized Onion Burgers --> Finally made some homemade pizza again with potatoes, caramelized onions & brie cheese. Yummy! In case you missed them yesterday... Caramelized Onion Burgers --> "Choinkwiches, a concoction of chocolate Mister Softee and caramelized bacon smashed between two chocolate cookies." More Madison: 4. Spicy pastrami & onion: Hot pastrami topped with caramelized onions, swiss, w/ spicy mustard on our toasted rye bread Did you get your Chuao Panko Dark Chocolate Bar yet? The Chinita Nibs bar is also good; caramelized cacao nibs & nutmeg. Gott Gourmet= Today's Quiche: Fresh Mozz, Caramelized Onion, Roasted Red Peppers, Baby Spinach. Service with Honey Balsamic Side Salad. YUM! well-caramelized onions are the BESTEST. :) Sept Dinner Special: Surf & Turf - NY strip steak topped with Cajun bourbon cream sauce, caramelized peppers, onions & stuffed shrimp 9.29.09 Special Open Faced Meatloaf Sandwich with Caramelized Onions, Mushrooms, Melted Provolone W/Spicy Ketchup specials: Bacon corn chowder/ Spinach salad w shaved beef / Beef burger w caramelized onions & goat cheese/ Pork belly & sweet potato hash Yum! Today: Pesto-crusted salmon w/ polenta and veggies. Soups: Loaded potato OR Caramelized French onion w/cheese crouton. Today's cafe specials: Pesto-crusted salmon w/ polenta and veggies. Soups: Lodaded potato OR Caramelized French onion w/cheese crouton. Deep fried some banana slices in butter, caramelized them in sugar, sprinkled cinnamon over the slices, and ate them with ice cream! >:) OK, now I'm really going to be bad - am cracking the caramelized lid of the Bok's really stupidly delicious green tea creme brulee.. OMG... a hot dog with the works (caramelized onions, pepper relish, saurkraut, ketchup, and mustard) sounds really good right now hahaha Mediterranean red snapper w/ pumpkin coulis & caramelized nuts blue lobster salad porcine fricassee R going 2 R special of the day Mediterranean red snapper w/ pumpkin coulis & caramelized nuts blue lobster salad porcine fricassee R going 2 R special of the day - Hamburgasm: Nadya's melt with caramelized onion in it. It's melt in your mouth bb. nomnomnom.. Seared Fois Gras with Caramelized Apples recipe Sept Dinner Special: Surf & Turf - NY strip steak topped with Cajun bourbon cream sauce, caramelized peppers, onions & stuffed shrimp Fried bacon caramelized with maple syrup... WANT. saffron infused sourdough bun, caramelized onions, foie gras and bacon with iceberg lettuce and tomatoes CREPES WITH CARAMELIZED BANANA...Bam & the Guv cooked it and here's how to do it: (for the record, this dinner embodies autumn for me. All it needed was a homemade caramelized applesauce. Pecan pie for I have a batch of the chicken/spinach/cheese enchiladas in the 'fridge for tomorrow but added caramelized onions. Think will be good I actually don't like it caramelized! love broccoli that way but not cauliflower. also, don't dig curry. and I'm poor. :( Slow cook (carefully) in oven until it becomes a caramelized, spoonable custard What do you make with evaporated milk? Just made caramelized onions over green lentils, bulgur wheat, and tahini! Today on My Kitchen Addiction - Caramelized Onion Burgers (they were SO good!!) --> I had a Persian boyfriend, once - I love Persian food. Is that dish the rice w/the lentils and caramelized onions? Drinking some delicious caramelized pear tea with maple syrup. Next cup: I think I'll try it with some Maker's Mark. - Caramelized onion, porcini mushroom, and tallegio cheese Fuck I love markets. I just had the best ever! It was Banana's Foster! It is Caramelized Fried Bananas' with Strawberry Ice-Creame'! Home-Made stuff too! spaetzle rule, with caramelized onions and cheese! caramelized onions! Another tasty Arepa at Caracas. Eggplant, sundried tomatoes and caramelized onions yowzaaas! shrimp & caramelized leeks with BACON. cookin up a rich storm over here! Dinner: Porkchops stuffed w/apple, pinenuts, cranberry sage; caramelized onion and apple sauce; arugula with fresh summer squash and radish. DInner Special tonight:Seared Lamb Sirloin w/ yukon golds, caramelized shallots, brown butter green beans, pumpkin seed-anch0 puree. $16.95 let sausage cook slowly on top of red peppers for at least 20 minutes to get taste of caramelized red pepper. Looking for a warming meal? Prosciutto and caramelized onions tossed with FRESH angel hair in a white wine-cream sauce. Delicious! just ate some delicious french toast with caramelized bananas and going to mad mex tonight for margaritas!! Nathan spaghetti, caramelized red onions, green peas, broccoli, cherry tomatoes & grated parmesan. Thinking of making caramelized onion, sun-dried tomato and mushroom pasta with pine nuts for dinner. I once had a great pizza with butternut squash, caramelized onions, and goat cheese. NOM. The Choinkwich - choc ice cream sandwich w/caramelized bacon - from is beyond amazing. I think I'm in heaven.
Some adorable puppy just got new Halloween feety pajama's... My pajama's are warm and comfyy.. :) i'm getting extra credit in class for wearing pajama's on school spirit week. Mette's tomorrow... Going to breakfast in our pajama's. It's fun making up our own family traditions! Just Had Breakfast.. painted my nails hot pink (again!), changed my pajama's (doesn't happen often that early XP).. n now im thinking.. *I put the towel in a hamper i'm assuming is the clothes basket. I put on my panties and then my pajama's.* putting warm pajama's on, and making food. possibly having a ciggarette. Come on by for The Cat's Pajama's Rubber Stamps Haunted Hop: By the way. I'm totally arriving to my house in my Stewie pajama's. Anyone got a problem with that? loves Stewie =D thinks you're the cats pajama's. <. ... sorry taty- i cant walk you down because- uhh- ohyeah. i look like a hotmess in pajama's..yeahh...thats why. :D a reeaallyyyy hot shower , pajama's and some movies with tons of blankies should do me for tongiht. i dont have bunny pajama's but now i kinda wish i did laying around in my bunny pajama's Featured Product: Adorable Monster Cotton Footed Sleeper Pajama's For Baby Boys Featured Product: Adorable Monster Cotton Footed Sleeper Pajama's For Baby Boys movies, pajama's & popsicles .. being siick isnt all that baad (; Missing 2 year old near Tropicana & Jones. White female, light brown hair with blue eyes. Possibly wearing Tinkerbell pajama's. Missing 2 year old near Tropicana & Jones. White female, light brown hair with blue eyes. Possibly wearing Tinkerbell pajama's Missing 2 year old near Tropicana & Jones. White female, light brown hair. Possibly wearing Tinkerbell pajama's. Missing 2 year old near Tropicana & Jones. White female, light brown hair with blue eyes. Possibly wearing Tinkerbell pajama's. Missing 2 year old near Tropicana & Jones. White female, light brown hair with blue eyes. Possibly wearing Tinkerbell pajama's Missing 2 year old near Tropicana & Jones. White female, light brown hair with blue eyes. Possibly wearing Tinkerbell pajama's. Missing 2 year old near Tropicana & Jones. White female, light brown hair with blue eyes. Possibly wearing Tinkerbell pajama's Missing 2 year old near Tropicana & Jones. White female, light brown hair with blue eyes. Possibly wearing Tinkerbell pajama's Missing 2 year old near Tropicana & Jones. White female, light brown hair.Possibly wearing Tinkerbell pajama's.(via Missing 2 year old near Tropicana & Jones. White female, light brown hair with blue eyes. Possibly wearing Tinkerbell pajama's. Missing 2 year old near Tropicana & Jones. White female, light brown hair with blue eyes. Possibly wearing Tinkerbell pajama's. (via Missing 2 year old near Tropicana & Jones. White female, light brown hair with blue eyes. Possibly wearing Tinkerbell pajama's. Missing 2 year old near Tropicana & Jones. White female, light brown hair with blue eyes. Possibly wearing Tinkerbell pajama's. But makeup/hair Tamara Brown and Pajama's Paula Telander sd overall I looked glamorous & expressive -- on the 2 in. x 2 in. monitor. "your pajama's was the song we wrote after my pants" =] polka dotted black n white pajama's, hot pink manicure/pedicure, and a hot pink robe........ I Feel Like Barbie! pajama's! Pajama with a white v neck. "she get it from ha momma yu cant tie a sweater ova dat ass a hotta den pajama's" ALL THE GOOD SHOWS NEVER STAY OUT.. " ROCKO MODERN LIFE, REN n STEMPY, BEVIS N BUTTHEAD, BANANNA'S N PAJAMA'S..LOL@IAMSUMMSERIOUS so pumped i get to wear pajama's tomorrow. Chuck Norris wears "Tony Dungy" on his pajama's (PAUSE) Chuck Norris wears "Tony Dungy" on his pajama's [me and ma bae been at it for a year now] bouta go get these pajama's for pajama day at skool 2marra ... rainy sunday.. nothing better than being in pajama's and being under the blankets watching tv you are nervous Louis cos you have your pajama's on! - LOL but so true you are nervous Louis cos you have your pajama's on! the footsie pajama's lol Tomorroe pajama day lemme be CLEAR what type of pajama's shud i wear ? ... Taking a random hot shower, putting on my pajama's, and refusing to get out of my bed unless I have to pee, or eat. :O That shed is the cats pajama's! I don't have any pajama's to sleep in :-( Finally home. Im exhausted! It feels good to have my warm pajama's on. :)
"how western impact and globalization changed urdu based languages in india and pakistan in contemporary films" . i think :) the globalization is striking back - a halal food tv in France - simply beautiful :) Excited 4 my classes: Business history of the late 20th century, Proto-globalization, Colonialism & Modern France, and my BA seminar. :-) well the problem is ethnocentrism. Many countries don't worry about other ones because they are ok. Globalization helps :) wish the entire world is in ONE time zone. Hate early morning meetings. Need globalization without off hour meetings :) Received my 2009 today, two days late because of a wrong address but still before many US folks. Strange globalization... :)
Searing is said to "lock in the juices", that is false. Searing caramelizes food, even meat - giving food richer flavor. an Iraqi sweet: fry bread both sides & while still in pan cover w date syrup; caramelizes deliciously. Nice w thick forget calors. Pancakes made with RealFruit Blackberry. The extra sugar caramelizes the outside, use extra butter! - Pancaketweetup Pancakes made with RealFruit Blackberry. The extra sugar caramelizes the outside, use extra bu ... sprinkle salt & pepper on tomato halves,bake em til the top caramelizes! goes well with your breakfast, at whatever time. Man! Sugar melts in water and caramelizes in heat! I'm dying ova here
Yep, it was a proselytizer. There's some of a magazine on depression in front of my door... I am not answering the knock at my door. It's probably a salesman or proselytizer, cause it sure doesn't look like the mailman. Oh noes! Proselytizer pests have infested my neighborhood! (Getting ready not to answer door.) New post: Book review: Dialogue with a Christian Proselytizer Interview with Jason Bredle about "The Proselytizer," his upcoming chapbook CLASS PROJECT, and other topics: Kirk Cameron, former teen Idol, current proselytizer, has once again taken to the internets..
March4Medi4All: Do not be marginalized! L.A. Rally, Wed 9/30 6pm EV Do not be marginalized! L.A. Rally, Wed 9/30 6pm EVERYBODY IN NOBODY OUT No,of course not.My implacable urge to watch a little Monty Python tonight WILL NOT take precedence over my in-no-way-marginalized lit work I don't remember being marginalized. I'm being bullied by a retard...but that is not marginalized, i'm in the majority. Do not be marginalized! L.A. Rally, Wed 9/30 6pm EVERYBODY IN NOBODY OUT! Do not be marginalized! L.A. Rally, Wed 9/30 6pm EVERYBODY IN NOBODY OUT! Do not be marginalized! L.A. Rally, Wed 9/30 6pm EVERYBODY IN NOBODY OUT! Thinking about the marginalized of our area. Convicted that events are planned "for" them instead of doing life "with" them. haha ok I've done my research. But I was brought up in SG I don't remember the term =/ marginalized mat syndrome I guess Sarkozy should reach out to those thousands of Moslem and other Marginalized Immigrants. New blog post: XML May Get Marginalized change how others see them. Try to reveal them for what they are. Once attitudes change, THEY will be marginalized. Garrosh taking over the Horde, trolls marginalized agan. NOTHING NEW LORE SUCKS. It really does suck to be marginalized don't it? When your voice breaks or when you're relevant- which comes 1st? Oh, lordy. There are always awards and scholarships and groups for groups. Usually marginalized groups. WTF? b4 I refer anyone I ensure who org is & what they do. There r so many who just exploit marginalized name 4 funds [About damn time.] After Being Marginalized by Google, Library Catalogs Improving Search After Being Marginalized by Google, Library Catalogs Improving Search Software (@MarcParry Chronicle) Being Marginalized by Google, Library Catalogs Improving Search Software (@MarcParry Chronicle) After Being Marginalized by Google, Library Catalogs Improving Search Software (@MarcParry Chronicle) Sitting on their duffs awaiting instructions from the DNC has marginalized the nation's greatest newspaper. Blog: David Miller's lone conservative pick on Exec. committee jumps ship b/c marginalized by his office The far right has to be marginalized. The only power they have is what the media gives them and what they can scream. Dick. Pls follow I have previously worked with the homeless and they are the most marginalized and excluded group in society From Crisis To Responding to the growning economic crisis for Knoxville's marginalized children: Lee Abrams: "Not only do readers feel they can't relate to today's newspapers they feel disrespected and marginalized by them." Signing people up for talk2one and giving free voicemail boxes and 60 minutes of long distance to marginalized people in our community. The savings for this damn metropass is "marginalized" when I have to wait 30 minutes for it. The cost is at least $12.50. NEW POST On Education Seven: Slum Schools and Marginalizing the Marginalized: This mini-series "On.. And I am not gross generalizing. If you are a moderate Republican you are so marginalized on the right as to b non-existant. I think I liked it better when the girl gamers were marginalized and harassed. It was funnier. piacayetano: Met some inspiring entrepreneurs who are providing marginalized women with livelihood. The workmanship is v wonder if there's a way to make d marginalized aware of how to prepare 4 future ondoys. -Update via SMS for FREE using Met some inspiring entrepreneurs who are providing marginalized women with livelihood. The workmanship is very good and products sell well. poor,marginalized minorities lured in by "strength" of a "united" movement. "Instantly you can be one of us" SCARY Question: Is there anyone more marginalized in the Obama admin than Hillary Clinton? she's just now weighing in on Iran's nuke program. wow. Goodbye already marginalized eye sight... Stand Your Ground: "Post H/t Marginalized Action Dinosaur While suturing a cut on th.. Stand Your Ground: "Post H/t Marginalized Action Dinosaur While suturing a cut on th.. Shaped by outward journey, clear about growth unbound by a building, in mutual relationshp w/ marginalized, Covenant Community PCUSA is Graduating from college- called and sent- moving with marginalized in deep mutality "When the conservative comes to see itself as unfairly marginalized, it becomes a of pure reaction." Right wing KNOWS how 2 Divide & thus Conquer marginalized peeps, got it down 2 a T We need Coalition NOT in-fighting Right wing knows how 2 divide & thus conquer marginalized ppl. We need a coalition, not in-fighting. Our issues overlap. All our oppressions overlap, and we can find commonality with ANY other oppressed marginalized people. Right wing knows how 2 divide & thus conquer marginalized ppl. Theyve got it down 2 a T. We nd a coalition, not in-fighting. That wld b rad. Our issues overlap. All our oppressions overlap, and we can find commonality with ANY other oppressed marginalized people. Be a value add organizers will promote or u risk being marginalized.
Also Tom Grant on transition to "Agile Engagement,"--it nails the need to externalize principles. Let's go! Also Tom Grant on transition to "Agile Engagement,"--it nails the need to externalize principles. Let's go! Also Tom Grant on transition to "Agile Engagement,"--it nails the need to externalize principles. Let's go! Also Tom Grant on transition to "Agile Engagement,"--it nails the need to externalize principles. Let's go! I think I'd say: "ppl w/'internal insecurities' sometimes externalize them, attacking others" but that's very dift I have the internal biz plan now I will work to externalize it Oh by the way, if I follow or address you I expect neither in return. This twitter thing just helps me to externalize internal musings. similarly a person who gives you you might externalize as it's just them, or internalize & think its ur fault Ok Tim gotcha. But maybe, you should think to externalize this Vid system with a powerful Web Service like HeyWatch? Trying not to indulge myself too much in treating my novel as a means to externalize my philosophy. The more we externalize ourselves the better/worse off we are. Apple should use "With or Without You" in its iPhone ads. Make sure you externalize the emotional value of your customer service. Via Urs Brunner if you have to get the business rules out why recode in java? Why not externalize to a rule engine? if you have to get the business rules out why recode in java? Why not externalize to a rule engine? > Why indeed if you have to get the business rules out why recode in java? Why not externalize to a rule engine? DeepThought9/24: Boys like guns because guns increase ones sphere of power. They externalize that power and literalize the phallus. consuminderen meer geluk: MNCs externalize costs to produce cheap for planned obsolence and experienced obsolence. the more you externalize costs into society, the more profit you make...corporation is not concerned with consumers the more you can externalize those costs onto society, the more profit you make? just tested this lib to externalize css with flex and it's doing the job pretty well But wishlist would externalize dB and could limit integration when we segue from the development blog post-launch...
aww .. tummy flu =( so you gotz diarrhea ? *snikkker* Grain, the whole grain... | Diarrhea of a Foodie cant do a post about water wi.. MEDICINES: Paracetamol, antibiotics, oral rehydration salts, multivitamins and medications to treat diarrhea disease. Grain, the whole grain... | Diarrhea of a Foodie cant do a post about water without one on fiber... MEDICINES: Paracetamol, antibiotics, oral rehydration salts, multivitamins and medications to treat diarrhea disease. Wow. Some girl just said she had diarrhea several times yesterday quite loud O_o MEDICINES: Paracetamol, antibiotics, oral rehydration salts, multivitamins and medications to treat diarrhea disease. I'm suffering from a severe case of oral diarrhea today. I can't seem to bite my tongue when I should. oral diarrhea, stop it now or i'll give you some diatabs! MEDICINES: Paracetamol, antibiotics, oral rehydration salts, multivitamins and medications to treat diarrhea disease. Runner's Diarrhea - Reduce Your Risk infection, cholera and diarrhea are just some of the outbreaks we can expect from floods. PLS donate water to prevent this! MEDICINES: Paracetamol, antibiotics, oral rehydration salts, multivitamins and medications to treat diarrhea disease. Loperamide for diarrhea Tylenol ? And med for anti-tettano Carbocisteine for cough Loperamide for diarrhea Buying meds tom; kind of meds are needed at ADMU? paracetamol, amoxicilin, what else? Ack! Diarrhea has turned into vomit. In the bath. What a way to turn four. My poor little girl. OMG I hope you feel better. I felt like I had to vomit but didn't thank goodness but had diarrhea I .. There are only two reasons to sit in the back row of an airplane Either you have diarrhea, or you're eager to m.. as dinner, or in fact at any other time, is not a gd idea especially if u have diarrhea... Catie: "What are you drinking Daddy, coke or diarrhea?" Ummm...WTHeck? "Because you have diarrhe.. Visited Clinic. Dr Toirac treated 10 kids this wk already with diarrhea. Amoebas big problem. She'll reco PUR to mothers in DR Every day I walk thru the backdoor to work it smells like raunchy diarrhea. Those Regis salon girls might be cute but holy shit.. My throat feels like deep fried diarrhea. I heard Kim had an episode in college where she got trashed and shat diarrhea all over her dorm. No more eating @ Wetzel pretzel.... Their wetzel dogs irritated me and gave me diarrhea. OMG I hope you feel better. I felt like I had to vomit but didn't thank goodness but had diarrhea I know TMI Diarrhea in You win this time, life. Im gonna try to make converstion with my fellow stall users. There are only two reasons to sit in the back row of an airplane Either you have diarrhea, or you're eager to meet people who do. I knew it was that asshole talking, nothing but verbal diarrhea for the last 5 minutes. Today I learned that it costs $500 out of pocket to have a doctor induce diarrhea and then perform an anal probe. Getting older sucks. I just wish we could shut down the diarrhea of the mouth syndrome. diarrhea in a cup mmmmm If 4 out of 5 people suffer from diarrhea... Does that mean that one enjoys it? Laxatives are powerful and very effective solutions to constipation. However, be cautious of overdoses, as it may cause diarrhea! Starbucks is selling instant coffee. Great! Now instead of drinking cheap watery diarrhea, I can get expensive watery diarrhea. Puppy having diarrhea all over the place? Not so much fun Massive headache. One of the dogs didn't sleep last night due to diarrhea. Of course, neither did I. Sleeping on couch tonight. Pepto Bismol should B called Pet-Poo Bismol! MAX's diarrhea is fixed thanks to Pepto Bismol! =D I don't always drink beer. But when I do, I get really bad diarrhea. Stay thirsty my friends. My bum is burning!! DIArrhea as dinner, or in fact at any other time, is not a gd idea especially if u have diarrhea... i thought about having kung pow chicken at lunch, but decided i didn't want kung pow diarrhea at dinner prob. Called "5 Hour Energy" Let's hope I don't get diarrhea Steve Daniells: Prebiotics puts skids on travellers' diarrhoea that's diarrhea to you Americans
watching CSI, and pedaling on the bike right now :) Is keoni asleep yet? So you can join me. wind wearing you out? Are you pedaling into the wind? :)
I'm just worried about WotC setting a precedent and using it to legitimize this type of thing again in the future. Appiphilia: A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography| Technology | Los Angeles Times - Appiphilia : A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography | LA Times - Appiphilia: A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography | Technology | LA Times - Appiphilia: A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography | Technology | Los Angeles Times - Appiphilia: A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography | Technology | Los Angeles Times - "The research for which we paid lots of money to legitimize the results we handed them says that this will cause ins. co's to go under." - "easy dude"? haha. Get an emotional reaction? Does that no legitimize this simple connection? - "how can one legitimize connections"? Let's try an experiment you fucking idiot. Interested? validate was probably wrong word, should have been "legitimize". The Palaces of Injustice serve to legitimize crimes of politicians and the state itself ... is this a Democracy? The Palaces of Injustice serve to legitimize crimes of politicians and the state itself ... is this a Democracy? It's a common problem with the Not-A-Real-Science Sciences. They need to create words to legitimize themselves. will sanctions bring down Ahmadinejad or legitimize him? Appiphilia: A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography - Los Angeles Times: GulfNewsAppiphilia: A Chase to legiti.. People that say that you shouldn't regret anything in life are simply looking for a way to legitimize their bad decisions. If we crown BO as King we could legitimize his reign of wealth sucking terror You don't have to legitimize someones lifestyle to love them. Tony Campollo - from the movie "Lord Save Us From Your Followers" To legitimize Limbaugh and DeLay is evil! Right, Leno and DWTS? [Free-marketers try 2 legitimize anti-green agenda.] What Does Last Decade Tell Us about Global Warming? Clinton brings up "Right Wing Conspiracy" to legitimize his failures... even today's felons have better morals than Rama ever did. Rama was promoted by Guptas and others to legitimize king worship. I kinda like this ALTER EGO thing. Now all I need is a REAL LIFE to legitimize it ; I think "sneaker culture" is some bull$shit way to legitimize and intellectualize people liking shoes. Just like them. which corruption are we talking? the kind we hear about in poor countries or the rampant kind we legitimize in this one? Appiphilia: A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography - Los Angeles Times.. for political gain. if he's held up in the media as some political provocateur it only serves to legitimize him. I think he has to deny the holocaust in order to legitimize the incredible carnage nothing.... If they were divorced. But they weren't. Like you really tryna legitimize infidelity right now? Just seen this redskins game score.... WTF, yall are about to legitimize the lions... these police actions in U.S. used by AN on larry king 2 legitimize police brutality these police actions in U.S. used by AN on larry king 2 legitimize police brutality these police actions in U.S. used by AN on larry king 2 legitimize police brutality Shame on Time mag for letting Glen Beck try to legitimize his toxic agenda and keeping his delusion alive(let the delusional bubble burst) When you follow the methods of an aggressor, you're only serving to legitimize them... Why do people actually watch or even legitimize Fox News? Crazy stupid people in front of a camera actually have an audience. Do figure. LA Times - A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography fairly i am not going to be able to legitimize this as "research". hot plans to get back on track. sheesh. time's awaistin'! QotD: "Using U.S. troops to legitimize an otherwise largely illegitimate central government is a fool's errand." Put the glass down yourself. Tebow leaves this yr.You'd be idiots to legitimize USF by risking what they just did in T'town. You can legitimize any wierd ass sound by backing it with a piano You can legitimize any wierd ass sound by backing it with a piano Watching intently, as Jim Leavitt's USF Bulls look impressive in 3rd Q at FSU up 14-0. This would legitimize USF with the big boys in FLA. Love that u have your twitter link up on ur webpage. Helps legitimize u if people are still wondering if ur really on twitter Appiphilia: A Chase to legitimize iPhone photography: Right... Yet you are still promoting it. How do you legitimize that argument? Eric The AP's painfully dumb kids-sing-for-Obama Working to legitimize the right-win.. .. LOVE ward cunningham's metaphor of technical debt, but its being used too often now to legitimize horribly awful code <== 1
"CNN emphasizes community with iPhone app" and related posts: MediaFileAdd CNN to the list of news outlets that.. The trick is what 1 emphasizes. We either make rselves miserable, or we make rselves happy. The amount of work is the same. Carlos Castaneda Obama Emphasizes Destruction of Al Qaeda to Remain US Goal in ... - Tolerance.ca This just re emphasizes the of online distribution: New Kings Coach Westphal Emphasizes Improvement it's ok, loss of your psp emphasizes your straightness New blog post: Wie Emphasizes College More Than Golf EEOC emphasizes expansive interpretation of ADAAA The tri-fold ZuneHD sales brochure emphasizes HD FM Radio as the ZuneHD's feature. Buh-bye You lose! The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same. FWCS emphasizes training in to improve students' test performance: If you can figure out the why and the.. Emphasizes the positive side of quality, which stresses innovation, new products, new services and customer management Catholic Culture : News Briefs : Medjugorje bishop emphasizes: dont view alleged apparitions as of faith' h... Medvedev Emphasizes 'Defensive' Nature of ZAPAD 2009 Military Exercise || Defense vs NATO invasion? Hmm The indian ethos of value based managmnt emphasizes that Man behind Machine shud be emphasized! Toyota Announces Prices on Five 2010 Models | The design strategy for the new 4Runner emphasizes a .. New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement (AP): Paul Westphal didn't necessarily want to say that the S The trick is in what 1 emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amt of work is the same. Costenada Many step away from foreground. Don't, find foreground! It adds depth to your shot and emphasizes movement! @ New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement: He took the Phoenix S.. New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement - The Associated Press New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement: of the players on the squad have five years or less e.. New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement: of the players on the squad have five years or less e.. New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement: of the players on the squad have five years or less e.. Potluck emphasizes healthy cooking Lea Tribune) | Healthy ... New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement: of the players on the squad have five years or less e.. New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement (AP) - AP - Paul Westphal didn't necessarily want to say that ... New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement (AP) - AP - Paul Westphal didn't necessarily want to say that ... Yahoo New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement (AP) Yahoo New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement (AP) Yahoo New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement (AP) Yahoo New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement (AP) Yahoo New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement (AP) Yahoo New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement (AP) Yahoo New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement (AP) Yahoo New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement (AP) Yahoo New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement (AP) Yahoo New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement (AP) New Kings coach Westphal emphasizes improvement CNN emphasizes community with iPhone app - Reuters Blogs: Add CNN to the list of news outlets that sees at leas..
What do you all think of the Newspaper Revitalization Act? Anyone have some thoughts to share on and/or I'd love to hear from you! Absolutely Cooperative biz can be a BIG of revitalization. We're ALL in this together - PEOPLE HELPING PEOPLE, right? ;-) Unscheduled stopover in Miami. Will the downtown revitalization that early in this decade across the USA sputter in this economy? Does a conflict of interest exist with The Newspaper Revitalization Act? We find out with On The Media at 2p on WRVO: Feeling Help Finish Mural: Tomorrow the Avenue Revitalization Project and the South of N.. Are u a New City merchant affected by the revitalization project? Facebook or DM and I'll do a free shout-out for your biz Community Revitalization at Cobalt, Ontario I'm liking this!! what do you think? >>> New King Eddy design to lead East Village revitalization Interesting thoughts on urban revitalization. Can Detroit Become the Turin of the U.S.? Wednesdays are a lot better when occupied by maybe my favorite class at Wellesley. Mid-week revitalization?! Amen How can community-based organizations fulfill their mission of leading community-revitalization What do you think of the Newspaper Revitalization Act? Would a nonprofit structure for newspapers even work?
Maxwell: scandalizing old ladies (at times thru no fault of his own) since 1996. Strategic document scandalizing & tweeting about :)) by Paddy Upton - India's Performance coach I think Joan was drunk, Peggy was dressed like a grandma, and I was acting like my usual self and scandalizing everyone there. with such confusion dong it make you wanna scream? you find your pleasure scandalizing every lie. And your Rhetoric and Scandalizing waysz do not shake meh betch! Sex ..->>> Duo in scandalizing ACORN video say it was independent New on DVD: 30 Rock, Lymelife and Bat TO THEM SCANDALIZING WOMAN, WHO TRY TO RULE THE WORLD WITH THERE BODY FIGURE INSTEAD OF THERE MINDS AND
Football announcers make a living by continually overemphasizing really obvious points for the entire broadcast. Q1: SME's need to be sold on the value of their role, but also kept from overemphasizing their value ;)
Feedzilla FrontlineSMS:Medic - Democratizing mHealth for the Developing World on Their Terms Not Ours .. Democratizing book writing with a social twist: - looks awesome!!!! Democratizing book writing with a social twist: Reading "democratizing the future" through design from Philips Design. Feeling like a Proud Mama . . . Fiona B and her HASTAC Scholars 3000 page views, 77 comments Knowledge is Democratizing! Democratizing data alive & well: recovery.gov relaunches w/ton of new data, maps Democratizing data alive & well: recovery.gov relaunches w/ton of new data, maps Y not transparency & objectivity? (rags have lot 2 gain from my "democratizing data" work, not just 4 transp. but as tool) OK, folks:back after my emergency communications jaunt,10-day blitz 2 finish "Democratizing Data" draft B4 trip.Hold me accountable Never heard of Vator.tv until now. Democratizing investors attention - cool idea. Democratizing information about fragrance creation can only lead to increased passion in the consumer & the industry. DM me. back to reading this abominable but informative book on real-time management. Last tad of research 4 "Democratizing Data." In "Democratizing Mobile App Development" talk by Ramsin at ... "mobile apps are the future of content on mobiles" The internet democratizing wine i.e. sniffing out favoritism and corruption As Roman's Numeral author, think U will be very interested in my "Democratizing Data" book ! Found fun word TOY Wordle while reading "Democratizing Knowledge ...", via Widening community "Democratizing Knowledge in Digital Humanities...", via Heading to Rockstar Games HQ to test out Timbaland's Beaterator music production game. First impression: Next step in democratizing music. Knowledge in Digital Humanities: Making Scholarship Public, Producing Public Scholarship: RESTful Web Services are democratizing for the best and the worst... One World, One Web: On OneWebDay, people worldwide celebrate the democratizing power of the Internet by working.. Democratizing Knowledge in Digital Humanities: Making Scholarship Public, Producing Public Scholarship: Democratizing Knowledge in Digital Humanities: Making Scholarship Public, Producing Public Scholarship: HASTAC Scholars rocking Democratizing Knowledge Forum, 1500 visitors, 46 comments! Be of it! Vivek Kundra (CIO for US) spoke at my Inn of last night on democratizing information and a bit about infrastructure issues at USPTO. HASTAC Scholars rocking Democratizing Knowledge Forum, This is how it happens-- 46 comments, 47, 48. 49 Be of it at 47 comments, 48, 49 now: this is how Democratizing Knowledge happens. Check it out at HASTAC Scholars rocking Democratizing Knowledge Forum, 1500 unique visitors, 45 comments, now 46, Be of it! HASTAC Scholars rocking Democratizing Knowledge Forum, 1500 unique visitors, 45 comments, now 46, Be of it Tendencias en internet.... 1) Storage cheaper, 2) -Ubiquitous connectivity y, 3) -Democratizing the tools of production Tendencias en internet.... 1) Storage cheaper, 2) -Ubiquitous connectivity y, 3) -Democratizing the tools of production 'food first, freedom later' [brecht] is wrong way of thinking about [democratizing tech]; - Sen Fascinating talk - an alternative view of the "democratizing power" of the internet: Not democratizing content. Forcing site owners to monitor conversations on pages where conversation was never intended Worst BO speech ever: Shot warnings to Israel, apologized for democratizing Iraq... Does the Internet empower or censor? Morozov on Oxford TED video questioning on real democratizing effect. somebody said something about democratizing media Democratizing Knowledge in Digital Humanities: Making Scholarship Public, Prod. Public Scholarship via Democratizing Knowledge in Digital Humanities: Making Scholarship Public, Producing Public Scholarship Join the lively discussion on Democratizing Knowledge led by HASTAC Scholars at
amen. collaborate, democratize. is one of us who are trying to rethink what publishing means Nicaragua: "Dear friends, it is not possible to democratize selfishness, exclusion, and the manipulation of the truth." Nicaragua: "Dear friends, it is not possible to democratize selfishness, exclusion, and the manipulation of the truth." Nicaragua: "Dear friends, it is not possible to democratize selfishness, exclusion, and the manipulation of the truth." friends, it is not possible 2 democratize selfishness, exclusion, and the manipulation of the truth." Nicaragua: "Dear friends, it is not possible to democratize selfishness, exclusion, and the manipulation of the truth." Nicaragua: "Dear friends, it is not possible to democratize selfishness, exclusion, and the manipulation of the truth." democratize -> notice the "kratos" missing from demoticize Wikipedia: "Demotic (Greek for "folkish")" I still don't get the difference between democratize and demoticize. Damn academics ;) A question for those who the US presence in Afghanistan: Who is next? Are we to democratize every nation where al Qaeda reappears? thanks for the tweet -- We are big Biz fans, and are excited to democratize endorsement deals for amateur athletes! Cool. I've hoped that social media would democratize brands rather than kill them. This a Hawaii, Empire State Bldg, Six Flags, Capitol Hill all go Islamic this week. "No we do not want to democratize Isla Local husband-and-wife team hunts for ghosts [Seattle Times]: "Because of that TV show, it has democratize.. Chavez to fine Venezuelan networks that air Family Guy. That silly dictator sure loves to democratize Why think we're immune to Islamofascist revolution? "We don't want to democratize Islam, we want to Islamize democracy." so no we don't want to democratize Islam, we want to Islamize democracy! That's what we want." a contradiction. Replication, sharing best practices, lowering barriers to entry are all key. We're trying to democratize tools. Break up the big banks, democratize the Fed Break up the big banks, democratize the Fed: Some tea are clearly paranoid, but many others raise a valid c.. sounds like may officially replace G7/G8 and democratize IMF Can social media democratize appreciation (without dumbing it down)? "Democratize the carcass": Coup regime sees law as their new way to democratize the country, of course. Coup regime sees law as their new way to democratize the country, of course. New, brilliant ideas: trade currencies directly, w/o middlemen; democratize radio; share pix in real time; more
Daily Affirmation Only a lack of imagination saves me from immobilizing myself with imaginary fears. Thank you for Police Force for immobilizing Malaysian Noordin M Top and friends' terrorism. Let's hope the world would be better. haha...I know, but I am unsure why I would need any type of truck! Broken toes are not entirely immobilizing! Although they pain is such an immobilizing thing all you can do is wait for that day when it fades just enough for you to move again.. Tip: Before immobilizing an opponent who calls himself a "black belt," find out if he was talking about Six Sigma. Tip: Before immobilizing an opponent who calls himself a "black belt," find out if he was talking about Six Sigma. 89.3 WFPL | New Booting Rules Coming Thursday: The new rules allow parking officials to put immobilizing boots .. 89.3 WFPL | New Booting Rules Coming Thursday: The new rules allow parking officials to put immobilizing boots .. Sorry but these twitterchats are completely immobilizing my phone so I cant get txt from anyone. Will have to turn off notify from some of u I thought the worst of my backache was the immobilizing pain but things just got much worse.The remote is waaay over there and "Reba" is on! Wolverine has no super strength, so immobilizing his hands/arms is all it would take. Tie him up, throw him into space. Done. nahhh they gotta be his.... I aint never smell nuffn so immobilizing..... that shytt is putred....
Biology reeks of cleaning fluid and the dead pig fetuses in the corner. My kombucha drink tastes like piss and vinegar. 1 Womb, 2 Fetuses, 2 Weeks Here's How - Science & Health News Briefs | Newser I wish they'd stop protesting on campus. No, I don't care about cut up fetuses. Yes, I've heard of Jesus. Yes, I'm okay with coal energy. Czar Sunstein sez refusing 2 fund "would require poor women to be breeders" in the service of 3rd referring 2 fetuses ... Everyone knows atheists eat babies, amirite? MT [snip] || LOL, totally. I have smoked picnic fetuses for lunch! Honestly, if women were banned from all jobs that could fetuses, we'd be barred from chemistry, electronics and botany. Uh yes. The best is the truck window with the flag painted on it saying 'I our troops and fetuses.' Remember: "pro-life" isn't about fetuses, but about a specific vision of submissive womanhood: Remember: "pro-life" isn't about fetuses, but about a specific vision of submissive My first trek to the library this semester and I'm bombarded by huge photos of fetuses... I'm going to reconsider coming back. Remember: "pro-life" isn't about fetuses, but about a specific vision of submissive womanhood. I find relaxing under a tree and having a nice picnic lunch of fetuses usually helps decrease the stress and such. Man, these McDonalds McCafe commercials are so offensive. Nothing but nazis and fetuses! 1 Womb, 2 Fetuses, 2 Weeks Here's How - Science & Health News Briefs | Newser True story, most of those pictures were taken of fetuses: 1 Womb, 2 Fetuses, 2 Weeks Here's How - Newser Pre-Preschool: Washington Post A recent study in the journal Child Development found that fetuses, at .. Severely Obese Moms Negatively Impact Fetuses I heard hotsauce was made out of dolphin fetuses Listening to the second episode of Love it. Horse fetuses and health care with Scarlett Johansson put a smile on my face. SGNM (and perhaps others) will consider improved controls and procedures for genetic testing for fetuses yes fetuses can feel pain and have brainwaves- but that's long after viability. Anyway, when did I say a fetus wasn't alive? theblogprof: Blood Money: Fetuses Sold For Profit: About 3 weeks ago, I put up this trailer f.. im so serious!!! they are currently four known countries that still practice the eating of infants and fetuses, so so nasty!!! Sunstein: Fetuses 'use' women, limits 'troublesome' theblogprof - Blood Money: Fetuses Sold For Profit: About 3 weeks ago, I put up .. Blood Money: Fetuses Sold For Profit Aaron and I just ate sandwiches made from 6 chicken fetuses. Taking a nap. Fetuses are brilliant. This *really* is a position. Superfetation: 1 Womb, 2 Fetuses, 2 Weeks - Forget that 19-pound Indonesian baby. The real miracle... 1 Womb, 2 Fetuses, 2 Weeks Here's How Nothing quite like seeing posters of fetuses outside the forum right after lunch 1 Womb, 2 Fetuses, 2 Weeks Here's How Rare Double Pregnancy Surprises All: How could a woman be pregnant with two fetuses, but not with twins? Todd a.. "DEADFETUSES dead fetuses yay!" Dan browns videos are funny/informative haha you should see them! don't forget about shane's new vid Rare Double Pregnancy Surprises All: How could a woman be pregnant with two fetuses, but not with twins? Todd a.. When I eat almonds, I like to pretend I'm eating little tree fetuses. Mmm, boiled chicken fetuses are so good. And go great with sweet tea Your father made fetuses with flesh licking ladies while you and you mother were asleep in the trailer park. Yeah, and even if they did, they'd only see fetuses and their person hoodies, not women and their struggles. Oh no, the kids are stem cells now. Pretty soon they'll be smoking fetuses. It also has a group of religious fanatics praying for the dead fetuses as women try to get in our out. They are so char.. It also has a group of religious fanatics praying for the dead fetuses as women try to get in our out. They are so charming. Just watched the most fucked up silent two reeler. People in the 20s had no respect for elephant fetuses. what's more disgusting, photos of fetuses or videos of women getting their eyebrows threaded?... the latter is so manhattan.
This made me think of the Tacitus saying: "Old things are always in good repute, present things in disfavor." ieter haurit // jeter is eternally in my disfavor make the iP3G look cheap... do yourselves a huge disfavor... Has a hegemon as like as US is good for the world?But US would not do it again as she is not powerful enough&unwilling to do a disfavor role Is NOT a happy camper. Not when the rules of shotgun have been so horrifically violated in her disfavor. This blog post made me think of the Tacitus quote - "Old things are always in good repute, present things in disfavor." On Julius Genachowski and Net Neutrality: Nor can they disfavor an Internet service just because it competes wi.. saw a clip on Jon of Tom DeLay on Dancing with Stars. Does a disfavor to gays. Hey no offense The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling. - Ambrose Bierce Survey says: disfavor is a word. I think I was getting messed up though 'cos it was used as a translative verb: I disfavor X. "disfavor" a perfectly fine word. Those who would say otherwise find themselves in disfavor with me. Yes, disfavor is a word. :) Is 'disfavor' a word? "The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling." - Ambrose Bierce The RHBILL as a LAW will penalize anyone who speaks in disfavor of it. This impedes the exercise of spiritual freedom. "The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling." - Ambrose Bierce Yeah. I'll tweet disfavor with something & somebody hyping it will follow me. Monitoring opposition? Or blind keyword following? Anyway, by the time I get around to reproducing, it may have fallen into disfavor again... The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling. - Ambrose Bierce
Touche. But I'll just borrow Luke's. I may not be a good duelist, but I can cut the hell out of a Taun-Taun. What an awesome YuGiOh Duelist League Staff. Epic. I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- The Duelist 1of12 (english sub) I favorited a YouTube video -- The Duelist 1of12 (english sub) The Irish Duelist: Trades List (Last Updated: Sep 29 2009) WordUp: get your manga fix. Complete series of Yu-gi-oh Duelist now in. Reserve it today at WordUp: get your manga fix. Complete series of Yu-gi-oh Duelist now in. Reserve it today at You're hitting upon a great idea here: a gentleman gunman/duelist that pairs the drink with his gun and intended target. The Irish Duelist: "Twilight Edition" Welcome back. Teen Not Powerful Enough Duelist To Master His Cards : The Magic ... Condolences to earlier following his duelist defeat at the hands of yours truly. His was true! T1 Duelist, T2 gear equip, T3 land, Harrow, Vines. t1 Kor Duelist, t2 Gear equip, t3 harrow and swing for the fences They did it with Kor Duelist. Teen Not Powerful Enough Duelist To Master His Cards Ohhh ... that explains it. Thanks11! ... lol now playing Gloom of the Duelist by Masato Kouda, Wild Arms the 4th Detonator O.... 0/32 users. Have a listen: It's two 1s indicating Google's 11th You can find out by highlighting the Google logo and a tool tip will show up. The sound of rain always seems to take my stress away. i've seen v from vendeta and duelist with my friend anca at a sleepover and now watching episode one from kurosagi, 4 her. Love the ambient sounds of a rainy day. :) Download - Yu-Gi-Oh!: Duelist Of The Roses - PS2 against a talented duelist. damn this body guards my older sister hire them to track me.being a noblement princess is taugh but in secret i'm a duelist!. Magic Hits: The Irish Duelist: Stardust Overdrive Special Edition Konami announces the "Twilight Edition" today. An orchestrated to get duelist who can't afford to put the... I'll be prepared for some card games next week. Look out London Yugioh tournament scene, Perplexus the duelist is BACK Just got my Duelist on Demand cards with my character on them. I can claim them in game too! The Irish Duelist: Stardust Overdrive Special Edition so tired from being a student from the riches&popular festival,duelist in secret at schhol & from a noble family too.. You guys should sell some duelist packs. BW take 2 tonight: fake Shakespearean duelist-bravo vs. unknown-quantity maybe-badass sorcerer, in the cobbled streets of ersatz-Padua. New blog post: The Sarcastic Gamer Duelist League, Week 2 (Sept 22-29): Rock Band! New blog post: The Sarcastic Gamer Duelist League, Week 2 (Sept 22-29): Rock Band! The Irish Duelist: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Episode 77 (Subbed) Kor Duelist -- W, 1/1 Kor Soldier, As long as it's equipped it has Double Strike. You got Rock Band? Get out there an challenge a Sarcastic Gamer to a rock off with this week's Duelist League! I recently replaced my coffee addiction with a green tea addiction. Not really sure if it's much better. BW tonight! Can a scumbag thug-turned-duelist lure a magus into the lair of the rat-folk? Answer: WHITE FIRE AIEEEEEEE! They apparently filed the results from the Ann Arbor Duelist. If they can change the result with the USFA I'll get... Watching the duelist for humanities. Good stuff
its pretty fun.. I dont dress up, but I get a good laugh out of other peoples reactions to the "scarers" Zooboo is so lame now. They don't have scarers.
omgosh u gotta stop it right now lmao TRIPLE DIPLE STRIKE lolz.ming ming nd ming yae chow main..dat hoe~n landed her a babe.
walkinn homee w. ern ... who blazin it upp 2daay ? lol Ern you got me on air tonight, right? Just got my celebration cds n dvds oh happy day <Ern-$> Just bought my lady gaga kanye ticket yes! Im close too! <Ern-$> iTunes transfer in progress. Ern has developed a new bark that he believes will open up spiky chestnuts. It doesn't. harris scarfe has sales! breathe ern chee... breathe beautiful scooters on the MOD ern streets of LDN Britneys new single 3 on radio z100 right now yea!! <Ern-$> why I just seen U and on NBC NYCNonstop? I'm makin a beat then look up @ the TV like "OHHH....ERN!!!" DOPE! 10 O clock banger about to go down...@iamdjdeluxe is chillin in vegas...Im holdin u down tonite!!!! no ... Link: Monetary Policy, Inflation Expectations, and the Price Puzzle - ERN Grandama fell yesterday and hit her head but refuse to tell anyone(even ern) I told her she should have went to the hospital. Link: Asset Prices and Monetary Policy - ERN - Ichiro Fukunaga and Masashi Saito Glad jd is feeling better, Talked with Ern & got the update. Hope he comes home tomorrow. That will make him feel better. Mystery phrase is SHU-T-E---K -ERN. Clue: pecopteris. Mystery phrase is S---T-E---K -ERN. Clue: pecopteris. Mystery phrase is S---------- -ERN. Clue: pecopteris. i say it like this ''eye-ern'' :P Selena Gomez is hosting an exclusive listening 4 her new album 'Kiss & Tell' Click here to join! Selena Gomez is hosting an exclusive listening 4 her new album 'Kiss & Tell' Click here to join! Thank-you! We're great fans of Ern Dick's work, here! Judging by Ern's level of shrill, he's trying to communicate with bats. While we were scannerless Ern accumulated about 60-65 things that need to be scanned. They're the last thing I have to do.. and its not any other names, just YU ERN == hehe. tml going NUS to study. that makes me happy. cos i can visit yu ern! loool how lucky can i get? my handphone got stolen & i'm now having a painful sore throat dry cough flu & i'm flying off in 2 days. n1 li ern. SPC MD 2041: MD 2041 CONCERNING SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WATCH 746...747... FOR ERN IND/OH MESOSCALE DISCUSSION 2041.. SPC MD 2041: MD 2041 CONCERNING SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WATCH 746...747... FOR ERN IND/OH MESOSCALE DISCUSSION 2041.. hmm... SHE was a woman :) k-town's buzzing bz wif work dis week... Nxt shoot next Sat wooh! Wat abt Yee Ern town? Lol MD 2038 CONCERNING SEVERE POTENTIAL...WATCH LIKELY FOR SRN WI...EXTREME ERN IA...NRN AND CNTRL IL AND NWRN IND .. SPC MD 2038: MD 2038 CONCERNING SEVERE POTENTIAL...WATCH LIKELY FOR SRN WI...EXTREME ERN IA...NRN AND CNTRL IL .. SPC MD 2038: MD 2038 CONCERNING SEVERE POTENTIAL...WATCH LIKELY FOR SRN WI...EXTREME ERN IA...NRN AND CNTRL IL .. SPC MD 2038: MD 2038 CONCERNING SEVERE POTENTIAL...WATCH LIKELY FOR SRN WI...EXTREME ERN IA...NRN AND CNTRL IL AND NWRN i show all my friends my new designer cunt. They think im kinda weird but thats okay with me. And when i wipe my ass i go ern front to back Back in cincy wht a weekend! <Ern-$> falling asleep to my schedules are harder than i thought. zombie ern heyyy if you go on YouTube type in dizzy, ern poppin! It's my friend and hid couz dancing there pretty good=) me n ern wei r yakking abt yun's nails n love life... FAIL. al pay big munneh fut names an adressis of dem wit brickle bone disease. I wants the ultimate distructive fuck, ern dasen some easy coin eh? me and ern had a conversation about that man I was so bored I sat and listened 2 ern spin on 102 he actually had that shit jammin he played a lot of local shit
Pattinson, Brad Pitt And More Overnight Sex Symbols only your fellow iPhone owners can see the symbols writing, playing , recording and mixing new song for album New Aeon Symbols VI - to be released Halloween 2009 ev writing, playing , recording and mixing new song for album New Aeon Symbols VI - to be released Halloween 2009 ev you would have to pretend that it never happened. Remember numbers are only symbols. Pattinson, Brad Pitt And More Overnight Sex Symbols: "Twilight" has made Pattison an overnight su.. Pattinson, Brad Pitt And More Overnight Sex Symbols People are very scared of Images of Baphomet, Masons, Occultists, and IllumiNati symbols. You give the image meanin ... Celeb Rumors Update!, Pattinson, Brad Pitt And More Overnight Sex Symbols - Why the heck does everyone put number symbols in front of everything?! Getting on Twitter. To be honest, all these and @ symbols confuse the heck out of me. Symbols in Scala aren't full symbols. They ought to be usable as references to identifies, but that wouldn't pass static typing. Reiko Ide is gorg!! I can't read asian symbols a damn but I put 2 & 2 together and put a name to a face.. Pattinson, Brad Pitt And More Overnight Sex Symbols Pattinson, Brad Pitt And More Overnight Sex Symbols: "Twilight" has made Pattison an overnight su.. Ummm...you mixed up the first two symbols. Intentionally? Or am I the goof? :p Is anyone reading The Lost Symbols? That last tweet was supposed to say "I think I forgot how to kiss but my other Twitter app doesn't agree with my use of symbols ;) Supreme to Rule in Mojave Cross Case- Undeniably, the cross is among the most powerful symbols of the Christi... *nods, hands the dagger to the Klingon guard who followed him across the room* I'm not familiar with the House symbols. Very disappointed in Lost Symbols by Dan Brown...what's your thought? Symbols are used for measuring the world and for planning...dependent on formation of new forms of soc relations (93 Renfrew) Nazca Lines, Peru - ancient religious symbols or space runways? Nazca Lines, Peru - ancient religious symbols or space runways? My symbols are broken, but happy matt. U make me not feel so bad... lol you to learn that numbers are nothing but symbols. in hexadecimal A == 10 or in octal format 7 1 = 10 I swear I messed around with my symbols trying to make something resembling a pig nose...I'm gonna have 2 google 4 ideas! New collection of vector symbols from Creative Force Maps only $29! I've got some symbols down my top... wanna look there? haha, sorry I just had to say that! I propose a vote.. What do you guys think about New Hi-Life World Order!! Now we need a secret hand shake & symbols! 500 Japanese Symbols For Tattoo Design. 500 Japanese Symbols For Tattoo Design. Valencia is one of the Spanish symbols of the avant-garde. You are guaranteed to see some cool futuristic buildings: i dont need symbols my is in the words i choose to utter .....na nah na na nahhhhh :P Scripture is broken down in to different law, poetry, parables, symbols, etc., but it all has literal meaning. [Q] Mathematics: Name the number system which uses only the symbols 1 and 0. yes indeedy. Hey how do you do those symbols? Hope you're well xxx Learn Reiki- no hand positions or symbols needed- a powerful tool for a lifetime of good: Random metric names and symbols is not an equation - Random Acts of Data - That is very true although the drumkit has no orange symbol, nor kick pedal. And the yellow symbols broken >_> What do Symbols, Signify, Parables, Proverbs, Spiritual, Spirit, As Fire & such mean to y... What do Symbols, Signify, Parables, Proverbs, Spiritual, Spirit, As Fire & such mean to you?. Learn Reiki- no hand positions or symbols needed- a powerful tool for a lifetime of good: What do Symbols, Signify, Parables, Proverbs, Spiritual, Spirit, As Fire & such mean to you?. # Jesus Celtic Symbols Family- The ancient Celts had no written word, nor did they need it. Instead they symbolized their w... Learn Reiki- no hand positions or symbols needed- a powerful tool for a lifetime of good: yeah I figured cause my girl got a bb a she says all she gets is "@" symbols in between each letter of my text, thanks tho Although, I did get a 98 on my Catholic Symbols & Sacraments test, when half of my class didn't do all that well. =)
It is the nature of man to rise to greatness if greatness is expected of him.- John Steinbeck Or Japanese products? "if I was a Japanese product I'd be a flat screen TV." I'm home. Don't want to call & wake you up if you're napping.... | 'What if I was pregnant?' -Me 'Well, I'd sit you down, &Rip the baby right out of you.' -Bopp ... If i had a plane, where would i fly to? If i had to use my brain for somethin else tell me what would i do.. I want to be able to buy Indian medical insurance. I will use whatever doctors in the USA take it and if I need ope ... Does it count if we take our phones w/us??? LOL! U r a good man always helping to improve us. seeing some of the design work my colleagues produce in CCI makes me wonder if I should reconsider the graphic design profession. You should check this site out if you want 100 followers a day . NMBPM still needs a recruiter if anyone is interested...also, commander Johnny B is out with two broken feet and may need some help. sorry if I offend if this bitch dont get her FLAT ASS outta my face i swear 2 god imma punch her rite n it!!! Hey everyone she asked for a shout-out so i'm giving her one Follow PLZ and Thanks. Anyone can give me one too if you want to :D James 3:14 NIV: But if you harbor bitter envy and selfish ambition in your do not boast about it or deny the truth. Glad to have you aboard! If you have any questions, we can help here, via email or phone (800.315.OMNI). Good morning Twitterland..Just had a 'run-in' yesterday..I swear if looks could kill that would be it,just PRICELESS... A wig is a lot safer if you end up hating it. I knew a girl that tried to go back to blonde and ended up green... Speaking of...i missed GG last night! Again! Oh well ill watch it tomorrow if i have the time...if not..then on saturday! x Trying to decide if I want to go have some drinks, sleep, or ride the tt bike in prep for my race this sun... Or how bout all 3! If you consider Rio the main candidate, he shouldn't put such an amount of personal prestige at stake. Loosing it's a real risk I have twittered an insane amount today, and it has all been about my want for Scarlett Fever. sorry if I bored anyone is in a mental hospital and i found this little room with a computer in it, so if you're reading this, i need h ... yuhr welcome!! :) yu guys are awesome... My friend is in love with yu nd wondering if ther are any tix left to yuhr hey guys if you have the time please could you help me by voting for me here, it would mean the world to me :) ... I was wondering do you have to say your grace if its leftovers. You already blessed it once lol... just heard chrid brown's transformer on the radio and dont know if i like it or not Geez! anti virus do not always work. but if u add then all problems are finally over! dude Wonder if I could get away with giving the fam Hershey bars for dinner? [Great idea! i am serving PB&J!] Lol 3 days before youll get an email saying you won:) if you didn't get a email that means you didn't win I hope u win tho! justin I wrote a big text for you! if I have you read? please! i need you of live *-* im so jealous of everyone going to the afi show at the roxy tonight. i still have no clue if its sold out or not -.- fail. If this Claire storyline is going the way I think it is.......WOW If you could play tennis and help save childrens' lives you'd do it right? Check out Save the Children tennis If other people are going to talk, conversation becomes impossible. James Whistler He wouldn how about if I bribe you with your favorite meal? if you see me, you'll see so you can check him off the list. i'm staying at Hotel a la =P If someone needs invite in Just send me your email as private message or to my email e4minem1990@inbox.lv If Michael Moore hates capitalism so much then why doesn't he contribute it ALL to charity?? wow, i'm not sure if it's the weather or my looming to do list at home, but today is going by rather slow. Trio in Las Vegas - Hard Rock for New Year's Eve...lemme see if I can afford $400 and 2 plane tickets and a hotel and...YEP! if u have a Facebook, make sure u become a fan of Silver Productions MV! We've got 2 more videos releasing in the near future I wonder if i'm just making a fool out of myself If Britney Spears came out with a book on parenting I would SO buy that shit. Maybe Moonlight would have been more enjoyable if Alex had the haircut he had now instead of that stupid long hair. You? Never. And you may want to check that truck for asthma if it is wheezing like that. tO qUEStiON if i REAlly likE yOU...- All yU dOiN iS ME... WEll iM gEttiN My HAiR dONE SO tEXt ME. ... i'm gonna make you mine if it takes everything i have. "If you judge people, you have no time to love them." - Mother Teresa
Fly that GEEK FLAG high and proud because we are the mighty... hellooo... anybody listening? bout to roll up da piffy in get real high all da hoez love me dey call me fly guy I'm known to fly well below radar. || I feel bad :( that I didn't see it sooner b4 I was looking for you :) College fooball it awesome... why? "So... what's your super power?" "Lookin' fly!" GOD I LOVE THAT .@lennytoups Would like to have been a fly on the wall for that convo... If i had a plane, where would i fly to? If i had to use my brain for somethin else tell me what would i do.. How did i end up at a pastors conference?? Im just a stupid kid. Im like a fly on the wall amidst giants...so blessed Bruh I'm gett'n fly!! FUCK! u gotta fuck wit me one time!! fun! I'll wave as I fly over. Finally killed that fucking fly. Ever walk in front of large group of people with ur fly down like its the thing to do..?? Jus happened, not coo.. Ok so the decision has been made! We goin 2 Miami super bowl weekend!!!! But these niggas want me 2 fly....wtf!! They know I'm scared 2 fly! Looks like the Fricatrice now has a Royal Wii complete with a Cogent Wiimote that alter ego can let fly at through her royal TV screen. Hey Chad, buddy is working on new high-end fly fishing blog. I sent him over your web site - he's not on twitter. omggg, greg gained so much weight also :/ HAHA, LET'S BOTH FLY TO NY AND GO SEE MATT PERFORM :D jk! ..kinda why do the butterflies fly away when they play her song? that makes no sense. It's gotten harder now the working classes can fly cheaply with that damn Ryanair chap. They're all off to Benidorm. Want to hear fone calls while you fly? I would've bought raspberries at the Westlake Whole Foods, but I didn't want the complimentary fruit fly infestation. hmmm did u tweet and run? Fly by tweeter! Is pretty excited for my dad to fly down this weekend & finally c our house 4 the 1st time=) Making some vegan dinners in advance 4him 2try dam, now observin observin my profile? you not fly cuz ppl call you a bird lol so what happens when a random person like me tweets at a famous person like you? Does the tweet fly off into cyberspace never ... Your choice of people to associate w/ is 1 of the most choices u make. If u associate w/ turkeys, u will never fly w/ the eagles. Protect ur rabbit against flystrike in hot weather. Use a fly screen met a male or female u thought was fly n u got up close n there breathe smell like hot garbage! ....MONEY CAN'T BUY BEING THIS FLY! must bring back memories of this fly Jamaican girl we know Check out the action from the Fly Guides in Colorado. SPYRO THE DRAGON IS PISH.... HE CAN'T EVEN FLY.... what a rubbish dragon Hell she'd transfer to another school, we had healthy ass whole milk bitches at friendly.. Pretty and fly, but healthy as shit! Yes, have to check 1 bag. Won't fly United after overbooking incident yrs ago in Paris; Horrid airline; dreadful to passengers. I think I saw a pig fly... IS. GOING. TO. THE. GYM. Mazel tov. Take me next time? If you survive that is.... Last year i was batgirl and i was doing the superman and my heel got caught in my cape and i did not fly i fell.. with my leg like this>>4 I'm known to fly well below radar. where is ur shoot? Im in Va, can u fly me to where u r? I could be ur backup dancer,not to sound conceided,but I am awesome :) Whats up with all the bugs lately its like *flys into your eye* ahh whos eye did I fly into? ohh its just *squirms around* Where do I apply, where do I have fly to and who do I have to sleep with to be in it?? No really who?? DDUB you say? OK! U Knmo Imma Talk My Fly Shittttt WT ur an uptown baby!! rep that shit bronnnnn!! When fish fly we wont make WORLD WAR 3 or any BLACK KEYS cause this will be A LITTLE BIT LONGER and u will FLY WITH ME...hahahahaha! is just goin with the pLays that are caLLed... He's so fLy and so funny on ESPN... I am in Love with Him!! want me to fly out there and poke him in the eye? Well let me know.I might fly down there(BG) and never travel, they get fly to stay in the hood, ville talk ! so u fly?? niggaz is on you like dat?? Theres a fly inside the tv in the living room. Somehow the little bugger found a way into the tv set & keeps walking across the screen.
Where 2 or more are gathered right? :) It's not quantity is quality. Lawd I cld do this all day ;) We will be there! :) LOL Hey, what does that say about me? :) LOL. Good morning, it is the quality not quantity that counts. Yup. But quantity over quality. & during bust, less $$ for travel, no? Program Committee did a *fantastic* job! Right :-) i'm not in love, i was never in love, thankyouverymuch :) and no i'm not, just attracted in minute quantity. 2% maybe? ;9 don't let it get'cha down... it's the quality of followers and followees (is that a word?) that matters, not quantity :) does the saying 'quality not quantity' help or am I making it worse? :) how did you get your hands on one of those? :) they're only sold in limited quantity here in Ghent People unfollow you?! Just say "#yourlame" to them. Although quality > quantity. :) Hi, Liako! Training's been good, but not perfect. The quality is there, but the quantity isn't what I want it to be. And you? :) You do realise it's about quality, not quantity, right? :)
Lib Dems had guide on how to use public money for political activity Lib Dems had guide on how to use public money for political activity Energy security has become a key social, political & tech concern. How do we make it sustainable? Former Political Fundraiser Norman Hsu Sentenced to 292 Months in Prison For Ponzi Scheme and Related Campaign .. The Worst Political Tattoos Of All Time (PHOTOS) t3h awesome! Jewelry designers, political types converge at Museum of and Design for Madeleine Albright's "Read My Pins" exhibit. New T/S post -Youthful political apathy: Wait, were you saying something? I dozed off for a sec. Mongiardo Trashes His Political Patron Energy security has become a key social, political and technological concern. How do we make it sustainable? Former Political Fundraiser Norman Hsu Sentenced to 292 Months in Prison For Ponzi Scheme and Related Campaign .. MSM: GOP encrgs political violence. Reality: ACORN founder bummed terrorist didn't blow up GOP convo AMEN !!! On the stupidest ways in which stupid ideas infect the political discourse Perhaps but isn't running for public office is she? Also her twitter page isn't political is it? Mayor:stimulus 'political slush fund' but uses $1.2M to refurbish his bldg. US political fundraiser Hsu sentenced to 24 years JOE WILSON FANS Joe Wilson setting attendance records at his political events in SC: I am not trying to go political but if you love your Country, do something for it!! Vote Stevie for... thought you were jokingly suggesting they endorse their political editor who made his mind up 18 months ago... we have some political crazies but they are not in office - they spend their time inventing iniatiatives funded by out-of-staters setting attendance records at political events in SC: nu. cleaning up the act b/w Canada's oil and America's energy has opened a Pandora's box of political friction: Political Action Figures: I saw this ditty on Wonkette about a new Michelle Bachman action figure being created.. I know Vivian. I can oppose his political position, even hate his position. I will NEVER wish harm on him. Had dinner with Breanna and Meghan :) French and Political Economy now and then studying for history. Studying for int'l systems tomorrow. - Sexy, and almost political. .@baxterblogs had the whole story at The Political Carnival. What?! Just Norman Hsu? The entire political funding process is a Ponzi scheme. decision was not based on political views. YEAH RIGHT! Dan way to stand up for your rights and speak out, its people like u who keep this "I don't approve of political jokes... I've seen too many of them get elected." -- Haha so true A very political topic very divisive Is eating pumpkin seeds wrong? Trent Franks is a racist and a coward. He sends out hate messages but refuses access to an email address for feedback. Political Alqaeda! dear all I hate etonian toffs that pretend to be a political them just so one of them can say that they're PM Washington Post blogger: MLive's Peter Luke one of best Michigan political On Political Fix: Senate dismisses ethics complaint against Robin Carnahan British PM Gordon Brown on political ventilator Bored of the petty political points scoring dominating my twitter stream. At least I can ignore it when it's in the papers. Only reason Chicago is being selected is so Obama can help bring in all of money to his political cronies back home On the stupidest ways in which stupid ideas infect the political discourse Does "Bread and Butter" really resonate anymore in political discourse. "Bread and Butter issues" in Slow Roasted Tomato world?
adjusting to reaching.....i'm not sure of the ...quality of the outcome yet... Code quality measurement RE-WRITERS at $1 (LONG TERM) by uq91: Hi Everyone! We need Some Quality Re-Writers for Long Term Work, REQUIREM.. * New Giveaway!! $25 Gift to The Boy's Store - great high quality boy's clothing! Chateau Fonroque, the BIO gem of St Emilion, expects high quality for '09. If the grapes are as good as 05, the will be even better already ! Software quality! What holds most people back isn't the quality of their ideas, but their lack of faith in themselves. din. & trying to rid this killer headache. excited to spend some quality time w. seester/buy new shit. That is very we need to quality staff they're quite poor quality to be honest. Nothing scary here! Ha. I win. Twoday air quality advisory issued Las Vegas msnbccom: Air quality officials are warning of dusty conditions du.. Create Top-quality On Any Subject In 15 Minutes Or Less (even If You Dont Know Anything About The Topic)! dnt b sorry BCAREFUL! im j/p u welcum..wat u mean no quality service?? dats bs betta tell dem hoes step dey pussy game up! try this - was a twitter etc experiment so some issues with pic quality etc RE-WRITERS at $1 (LONG TERM) by uq91: Hi Everyone! We need Some Quality Re-Writers for Long Term Work, REQUIREM.. all pros strive to deliver quality. But some ppl decided to specialize in capital-Q Quality. That's who I mean. How To Attract Business Seeker Leads **High Quality ... What controls and determines the quality of your life? That last link is a look if you're at all interested in Quality Listening, generally - it's a list of 15 brain-enhancing podcasts. We now supply quality dog food to your door for free, within a 15 mile radius of Courage is the first of human qualities because it is a quality which guarantees the others. ~W. Churchill ta... try the player on myspace (down the page a bit) a different of the song and better quality stream. Good beer in the Royal Oak I think. Quality pub, 6x from the wood tastes good. Off to watch some good quality Night all! Future of tv today 3,000 channels of dvd quality on your pc. .@karolnyc I *despised* "Synecdoche, New York." One of the worst films I've seen -- huge drop in quality from Adaptation & Eternal Sunshine. - I've only found low quality black tea to be bitter. and the whistling sounds out of place ... i just hope it's bad quality of the audio only :-/ one can become contracted with the government to study these quality measures by applying for a grant.There will be 25 mil per year for this Just got rid of a few over-tweeters from my feed - oh! there's the updates from my friends. Note: quantity is not quality. "Quality Professionals"... I'm sure all Professionals strive to be so. How Can I Lower The Quality Of Pcsx2 Emulator So That It Will Run Faster? Are Their Any Plugins For This? Improving AdWords Quality Score | AdWords Help RE-WRITERS at $1 (LONG TERM) by uq91: Hi Everyone! We need Some Quality Re-Writers for Long Term Work, REQUIREM.. Future of tv today 3,000 channels of dvd quality on your pc. ukrenjane: Congratolations! your search for high quality tatto design online is finally over.. ... Your site sounds like it will be a great, quality-focused venue! testicular is not a quality found in the WhiteHouse these days_I'm amazed a Mil program actually got thru the knife Weight Loss Improves Function, Study shows that exercise is best. Quality dance kit in minutes Welcome to the Future: It's all about Quality Med Dev. Sr Quality/reliability Engineer - Aerotek Ce - Jacksonville K-12 funding reforms moving along - Wallace and Probst want feedback: Today and tomorrow the Quality Education .. GREEN: Quality Engineer - SpectraWatt Loving the tweets guys, very amusing! Quality put down from Bres as well!! Haha!! :D It does have that of English Faerie Garden quality to it. Grateful for all the quality girl talk I got to have this afternoon.
Had a sore throat for the past three days...Possible throat infection? Tablets and night nurse arent touching it :( Hybrid: Eternal Whisper is the most touching game i've ever played on my iphone. *sob* Why did you have to go fairy? :( :( :( LMFAO. You perv xP Just....say thanks? NO TOUCHING. You can't get poor Jack sick :P Dangit! I didn't think about that! :( Ztakes wish back* hm..... Well how about me n u take tuurns touching? bahaha It was pretty good! Quite touching, with some darn-catchy music! :P You coming up the 10th? wow that's a touching message :( I wonder if Rob will get this? Doubt it he's so busy both work and personal life. WTF?! I downloaded the wrong episode of Touching Evil :( I need some food asap, I feel my back and stomach touching right now :( what did your have for breakfast/lunch? I'm not touching that w. a 10ft pole. :P How are you? aaaah whaaat!? now i can not dance with u :( i thought you were looking 4ward to touching my soft legs :( hahaha Sheeps? ummm...not touching that one :P Welcome back. Did you enjoy the bum slapping and face touching? :P - aahh! last time i tried touching a chicken it pecked me. :( btw, y ru w/ a chicken anyways? lol What, look they are delicious. All those hands touching it all day? Adds to the flavor of the packet. :P awhhh .. Will anybody even write a 800-900 page of diy diary for me ? So touching !! :( feel like crying man ! How emotional !! What is your fav scene from HBP? (via When Hermione is crying and Harry comes to her, it was very touching :(
hah :S O2 Arena looks a little, uh, underwhelming. Maybe a result of all the lights on :S I am being transformed from then inside out and looking forward to the end result! for Imaging Results May Not Result in Timely Follow-Up The way he drools, carrots for our dog might also result in an orange-tinted floor? :) Aaaa.. this stuff isn't as easy as I thought.. Maybe stick to buying next year. Well, the result: New blog post: How Can I Quit Smoking?i Tried Many Treatments, No Result. The More I Think I Have To Stop, The More I Smoke? ... great Show, looking forward to the Result Show tonight =) my very first attempt at homemade lasagna... hope it turns out well or I will forever be scared from this experience,I'll twitpic the result Korean mass-gaming is the result of a massive increase in bandwidth? That's an odd function of society. Driving your Toyota could result in, among other negative scenarios, death: The final result from me & Coinstar adventure!! Still at work. Definitely a result of leaving yesterday at 3pm. Driving your Toyota could result in, among other negative scenarios, death: Visible circumstances are the result of invisible thoughts. (via Not the result we deserved. 2-3 k, who thinks the whole plaid trend right now is totally a result of the Rpattz? The creative process is like making sausage. The end result can be delicious, but the outside world doesn't want to see how it's done. If the end justifies the means, if the destination justifies the route, if the result justifies .....jackass, you're gonna love the result! So glad you loved it. Keep comin back. XO "Quality questions create a quality life. Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers" ~A.Robbins F ... Pre-game talk is done... time to get the result!!! Ha ha, we'll have to leave you Canaries to it then - good result tonight? fucking amazing night tonight at luton, boro won 1-0 great result Umm... about my quiz result... I'm a girl??? I referred to the wild animals as my cousins, I didn't say *I* am wild. I am the result of tho All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become. Buddha Went to the Arsenal game tonight. A good result in a 2-0 victory for the home side. Absolutely disappointed with the Reds' result 2nite. Need to put it behind us and forget it. Look forward now to Sunday for the big game. Lets see, if I send a random tweet will it result in another spambot following me? 2/2 so far today. So what was the result? "Tastes Great" or "Less Filling" ? : not a great result but what a superb catch by the Swann lol How many deaths have been a direct result of H1N1 vs. a result of underlying health conditions virus? Age specifics please. Tonights result yet another indicator of how we have improved, last season we would have lost this match 1-0! cnn, fox, msnbc, it's time to watch comedy central or bbc news. Inciting & infuriating people to rath for today's result Brilliant result tonight - some great goals, and the icing on the cake is that Ipswich are now bottom! Uhh the result of youhr hearing dick head. And its called a my touch eh i might want that shit idk sprint doing me Mental note: Wearing hand knit cowl to work will result in requests to knit for colleagues. is well chuffed with the oldham result have that paul ince ya daft man united fairy bring on yeovil at weekend !! if insurance dependands are found to be ineligible because of "falsification", it may result in immediate termination thats a good one. Actually I did think about it a few times. And u? What do u make up of that result? I expect a really good result, and will not be satisfied with anything less than victory. Bringing it down! Blake and I are wishing for a good result for Brian. Okay,I never try creating pdf file from online before, today is my savior. :D fast and great result. 55% of premature death (between 15-65) are a result of personal choices. (smoking, drinking & driving, unprotected sex, ect.) crazy. Masi Oka. Cause doing the younger Hiro's could likely result in awkwardness. ::thumbsup:: Jax Real Estate Guide. A PDF Guide To Real Estate Investment. With Proven Result.. Decision analysis: What problem is it solving? Who will benefit from the result? It is that simple in most cases. Thx Dee, choice made
Oh... Lovely... Be safe :( BULLETIN -- TSUNAMI ADVISORY ISSUED FOR CALIFORNIA AND OREGON. hopes baby wyatt stays safe from those ghey tsunamis :( I really do hope all the people affected by the events of 2day r safe:( TWUGS world wide cause tsunami :( x ACK! WTF...um...shit. i gotta get inland Be safe :( TSUNAMI ADVISORY ISSUED FOR CALIFORNIA & OREGON. Be safe :( BULLETIN -- TSUNAMI ADVISORY ISSUED FOR CALIFORNIA AND OREGON. 8.3 in samoa Be safe :( BULLETIN -- TSUNAMI ADVISORY ISSUED FOR CALIFORNIA AND OREGON. What!?! Be safe :( BULLETIN -- TSUNAMI ADVISORY ISSUED FOR CALIFORNIA AND OREGON. o.O ... that cant be good Be safe :( BULLETIN -- TSUNAMI ADVISORY ISSUED FOR CALIFORNIA AND OREGON. Yikes! Be safe :( -- TSUNAMI ADVISORY ISSUED FOR CALIFORNIA AND OREGON. Be safe :( BULLETIN -- TSUNAMI ADVISORY ISSUED FOR CALIFORNIA AND OREGON. Be safe :( BULLETIN -- TSUNAMI ADVISORY ISSUED FOR CALIFORNIA AND OREGON. MO "Momma" dog is safe and sound in her new foster home. She's still looking for her puppies. :-( She is a... at a training for volunteer work. Out of twn tmrw- fri. Will be MIA frm forum til weeknd :( *ok ms lady! Be safe i guess at 7 not sure if its our time or theirs. hopefully everyone out there will be safe. especially my fam :( I THINK IT'S SAFE TO SAY THAT CRASH LOVE IS THE BEST AFI ALBUM IN SIX YEARS... :P i miss my mama so much!!! i just wish i could drive back home :( but glad to know she's okay and safe. Hope ur trip home was safe. Torqued my repaired knee and know in a black velcro cast for 3 days. :( She is safe and sound. They couldn't get the one in the living room to work, so they're coming back tomorrow :( boo Well if you need cheering up, Norwich are 3-0 up. Plymouth are 2-0 up, so I'm unhappy, as Sturrock's gonna be safe now. :( Please be safe. :( Samoa ; Oh, Man! God Bless Samoa for the tragic May Samoa (& hopefully, NZ) be safe & sound from harm's way :( ! I know. Sad :( I really don't think Heroes is getting cancelled, but it's also not safe from getting the boot and needs help! Yeah, on top of that im starving. Making some soup since that seems the only safe thing to eat. :( Wait wait , Tyra isn't about Cookies today G ! Lol it's about like being safe in the car & stuffers :P Everyone be safe today and keep us updated on anything new! I'm hiding at my desk, trying not to get anyone sick. :( <3Sandy Gah, I hope my family is safe and sound :-( A 7.9 is no damn joke. Gah, I hope my family is safe and sound :-( A 7.9 is no damn joke. Samoa :) well it yesterday so im still safe i havent eaten any meat :P hoping everyone in the philippines pulls through, including the animals. i hope all my cousins there are safe :( Man this Tsunami stuff is getting intense... 10ft tsunami and villages in Upolu "flattened" :( stay safe pacific dwellers Thnks a lot but does not help :( Love , be safe Wishing Nisi na and family in Samoa are safe from and tsunami. Hope other islands and NZ friends are away from tsunami impact. :( is finding it difficult to find some safe and mod bets :( :( I have decided I want to go and see an active volcano & real Lava flowing - but from a safe distance !!! Not much of it in UK though :( 26 mins gone. Not a really good game to watch. Both sides are playing safe. Fiorentina are setup defensively and Rafa played Lucas :( i think its pretty safe to playing Christmas tunes..... nahhh maybe not... i just wish it was. :( Yeah it sucks. I hope being more central in Honolulu my fam will be safe my hubbys over at kbay though. :( Hope it doesn't happen Sobrang sana hndi na lang ako umuwi. :-( Anyway, glad we r all safe, time to extend help nman!:-) Good nite all, let's pray that our beloved people of samoa-new zealand-and other oceanic countries are safe and there're no tsunami. Amen :( Am relieved that my friends from Rizal, Pasig and Marikina are safe! Thank God! But still worried about Andrea, Klaryzz and Majo. :( Am relieved that my friends from Rizal, Pasig and Marikina are safe! Thank God! But still, Im worried about Andrea, Klaryzz and Majo. :( I think that one and the one about the turkey dinosaurs and the safe house were my favs in that series :P Hmm. Not so good. Our business is so dead. :( But it's good were all safe. :) ...well that answers THAT! :P Enjoy rest of ur time in Istanbul & safe travels2 wherever ur headed next! (Where u headed next?) The death of was senseless. School used to be a safe place for our children. Not anymore. :-( oooohhhh. Ok. Safe. Init. Apparently union's sold out tomorrow :( Makes you think, eh?? lol Successful wit money, never married, no children... We can only 'wonder'. Still hopin we're safe :( If I was crying would you make me smile? If I was scared would you make me feel safe? If I died, would you be able to live on? I need you :( i like to hear that my willy will be safe :P xx So it's safe to say you're enjoying the course then? :P
Seems like everytime i try to put you in your place you end up proving me wrong and making me love you even moree... :( Thus proving that you either have no life, or are going to fail all of your exams. :P Sucks. I use my GBA slot quite a bit. : ( Tony Hawk Proving Ground is pretty cool. That's the only US game I have. Its proving a popular print! I may have to do some more Button ones! :P God is proving my faith to me. So, why do I feel trapped without an answer? :( :( I'm not a crybaby. *I'm proving no piont by putting sadfaces*haha i don't think any one knows how to charm you laurel :P not being mean.. but just proving a point xD trying to get the Linux logo to look good on design I'm doing for a developer. Proving tricky. Going to have fun with the Drupal one next :( waaaaaa..!!! and i hate geometry.. SOOO much.. especially PROVING..!! i don't wanna go to school.. huhu.. oh GOD, help.. :( readjusting this sidebar for next week's episode is proving to be a challenge. because the text is spreading over two lines :( Lol I must say, you're doing a really good job on proving me wrong on that 'thought' I had :P setting this up and it is proving difficult :( ... nothing i couldn't do, i'll spend my whole life, proving to you... this line's stuck in my head :P is systematically destroying all Dita Von Teese imagery by proving Dita is blonde 5ft 6in and has fake breasts :-( psh i know , i was just proving u :P haha no, you should definately add me, it's proving too hard on my phone :( In other words, thanks for proving them all right, small business window smashing jagoffs! :( This Singstar review is proving to have been a terrible idea :P See you proving that you are a koyandha. Anyhooo long time no veveveve :P you going for tomorrow Misplaced *lost* my social security card. Proving I'm a American citizen is not my idea of an awesome lunch :( lol :P approval process is proving to be a real pain, apple arent easy to get in contact with :P There's so much work to be done... Those 86 400 seconds are proving to be insufficient :( I'm TRYING to write a response, but it's proving to be quite hard :P ok today is proving to be very stressful, lots of drilling, things being ripped up in the home and no where to hide from it all :( I'm keeping maybe 4 Cube games, 3 Xbox games, and 10 GBA games. Getting rid of all the PS2 stuff is proving to be harder :P Jesus, getting good power is proving to be sketchy here. Think I might have to duct tape this adapter to the wall. Keeps. Falling. Off. :( Trying to watch Season 5 online is proving to be REALLY, REALLY difficult. I should probably just wait for the DVD to come out. :( At DMV. Simple VIN verification is as I expected not proving simple & least of all fast. Need to get it over with, tho. :-( Back up after 3rd Win7 BSOD in the last week. is proving to be less stable than Beta or RC were :( Since last yr, they've been attacked by 2 new blights. A moth & a fungus. The combination is proving too much for some trees. :( Does anyone know of a twitter service similar to ? Proving very unreliable - shame :(
My landlord thinks the economy's improving, I think he's delusional. Keeping Morale Up When the Economy's Down Desde NY: Keeping Morale Up When the Economy's Down NY Times Keeping Morale Up When the Economy's Down Keeping Morale Up When the Economy's Down From USA: Economy's Slump Takes a Bite Out of Charities' Direct-Marketing Returns Keeping Morale Up When the Economy's Down: Additionally, open communication leads to faster problem-solving.. I just forreal saw a commercial for a Lebron James movie. I'm over it. "Our economy's based on Lebron James" -___- Keeping Morale Up When the Economy's Down Economy's down but sales of PET FOOD stays strong. Well, YEAH, it's fairly cheap & it tastes OK on a cracker. Now lemme sniff your butt. You know economy's bad Cop Cars Repossessed CNNM: Index of consumers' moods declines in Sept., heralding concerns of weak sales during holidays. (Economy's getting better? Nay.) So, you're telling me the economy's good for your health? Who knew inflation doubled as broccoli? Another upbeat REMINDER: 4Q 2009 begins in a few days. This is where the economy's proverbial rubber meets the road. REMINDER: 4Q 2009 begins in a few days. This is where the economy's proverbial rubber meets the road. The financial market did not change the estimate for the Brazilian economy's performance in 2009: projected GDP is still zero. Have you lost your job? Income been cut? Had 2 move? Experienced a change & state of economy's shifting sands challenging it? UK economy's rate of contraction in the last reduced to 0.6% and surprise rise in September retail sales - We talked about how the Great Recession is going to slingshot women into the economy's driver seat. h/t Wow, great We talked about how the Great Recession is going to slingshot women into the economy's driver seat. h/t New inn-vestment: An entrepreneur's hotel plans weather the economy's woes. The Office for National Statistics has revised the economy's performance in 2 Cafe Bellwether: chatting w/ coffeeshop owner Jay re how the economy's affected business. How would you revamp a local c/shop? Ideas? (@liz_greene) Passing area homes you can see the economy's toll. Lots of homes for sale and rent, several brown lawns not being watered. Passing area homes you can see the economy's toll. Lots of homes for sale and rent, several brown lawns not being watered. We'd love to, but the economy's gonna have to get a whole lot better. the administration says the economy's recovering, hence the 1 percenter should be ok, no? it's so true! I hate when people are like "things suck now that Obama's president, the economy's worse, blah blah blah." The economy's glass is half empty, the says, because we're saving too much I thought the lack of savings was bad here's an interesting on the economy's impact on organized religion: Economy's Slump Takes a Bite Out of Charities' Direct-Marketing Returns US Nonfarm Payrolls Decline Seen Slowing: That has left many analysts doubting the economy's recovery from .. so many commercial repairs....they say the economy's looking up???? so many commercial repair jobs. Economy's looking up???? Saw a real live streetcorner drug deal today at noon in midtown. Good to see the economy's bouncing back, new york! what r U eatin 4breakfast? Smelly penises & vaginas are problems & could be the reason for the economy's downfall @ this point Unemployment rate? Pffffft. If you really want to see if the economy's improving you should really be looking a.. Websites that makes visitors sign in 2 view content miss out on the "link economy's" value & prevent folks from sharing Business creation is down. this is not the economy's fault. Not good. Business creation is down. this is not the economy's fault. Not good. Are you kidding me Iggy? No-confidence vote Thurs? No more money-wasting elections til the economy's fixed! "[The economy]'s 'Bad', but it's up from 'Horrible'" - Board member @ Week in NYC. Optimism spreading! We need 2 tax evil corporations MORE you know the ones that supply local economy's&donate large sums of money 2 there community Slack: gauging the Canadian economy's unused resources in NY Times about the media's take on the economy's rebound...and how it affects them. Blog Post: Do You Have Any Income Alternatives?: When things are going along nicely and the economy s.. Translates 2 we're going to try get rid of DLA while economy's bad & our campaign demonise disabled ppl works although even I could probably afford a scottish island... not much competition and the economy's fucked so... i should look into that...
checked your bank account and be like damn I gotta pay my car note, but I still have 10 more days after the due date.. Night all - sweet dreams. No sleep walking (note to self really was up and about again last night). Even when asleep you can't stop me!! Note: The Gardetto's (the family) live about 20 minutes from me on Little Muskego Lake in Muskego, WI. Side note: I'm super, SUPER pumped for Zombieland. Gonna dress up like a zom-bay, too! Hopefully with friends so I don't look too stupid... I hope u get hit by a semi... On a lighter note...myspace and facebook has new baby pictures. No...not till after New Year! How are you? Funny...it has been a serendipty day- I have your name on a post it note to email. Carolina's note made my day. I love you girl <3 GOSH I screwed the other one lol Note to self: do not attempt to eat & tweet @ the same time!! Note to self & the twitterverse: 15 seconds on 30% power is WAY too long to warm up dry-iced ice cream bar Don't forget--note check tomorrow and Thursday! I just got a note from a customer that she's getting Trojan virus warnings trying to click on my Etsy listings. ??? A note to Labour delegates: I note American show To Catch A Predator has been renamed To Catch A Paedophile for UK market. What, was it too subtle? NOTE: I'M NOT REALLY GAY, I JUST MADE THIS PIC FOR LAUGHS The Family Mafia by Note: Cross posted from [wp angelfury] Battered Mothers Rights - A Human.. just watched the video....on that note im headed to the REC!!!!!! ...on a different note, I just came up with probably the best idea ever. Lot's of planning to get done! Preorder debut cd at Amazon now. Already seller and nobody's heard a note yet, lol Note to self: Someday go to Dubrovnik. Shoot in B&W. eFest Key note speaker Angie Farrow lead people to stand up to do the exercises. It was quite fun. On another note, I like my new company but I CANNOT be treated like a child. is finding 's last tweets very poignant. Take note people! Note to self: need new phone asap. My tract ball won't roll down. A note to Labour I SEE YOUR POINT. On a side note, there''s a new miniseries version of Emma next week! Hebrew is a colorful language; Greek is an intellectual language. Take note of that when studying the Bible translations... Note to self: don't assume you know how to take your MacBook just becoz you have tiny screwdrivers. Note for the bloggers, countered with an old blog post: 1st rule of writing, no one wants to read your shit. note the update on today's App Catalog Kerfuffle: take note folks - the show is JUST Interesting take on public option defeat today: Note to media and Hollywood: if you drug her and she says no repeatedly but happens to be only 13, it's still rape. Yes, "rape-rape", even. criminal procedure note of the day: you don't have to let police search your car. you can legally refuse. aha thanks for the little note on my car. love you too!! And on a side note, I give up on baked beans, its made me sick and I'm thinking doctors this afternoon Brain scans gauge horror flick fear factor: Editor's note: For more on neurocinema tune into The Screening Room's Halloween special at t.. NOTE TO SELF: hit Graham next time you see him. Somebody hot me back! I'm curious to see who responds to this! Send me a note!! Ciao!! its a bomb ass note.. u can go read it if u want 4 Ways French Women Stay Thin (Without the Gym): By Mireille Guiliano Editor's Note: Mireille Guiliano is the intern.. rememba (30 minutes??) (Gnr...i mite note sell dat much but u can bet ya last 2 qtrs i'll neva tell dat much) Note to self: I dnt do mediocre! I sent u a teddy bear and a letter in 1989. Your MOM sent me a note thanking me! I was 14 and I will never forget that! Curse these blister causing cotton socks! Note to self: get more wool running socks.
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) Discussed on Fox Business's Cavuto: Am working the rest of my life anyway I it d.. Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: If solar doesn't work, it is still going.. Be Your Business's Best Marketing Tool! - Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: If solar doesn't work, it is still going.. Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: If solar doesn't work, it is still going.. Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: If solar doesn't work, it is still going.. Starbucks Corp. (SBUX) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: You know what? We would have quickly bottomed an.. Stores, Inc. (WMT) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: Instant coffee, at target? I don't understa.. McDonald's Corp. (MCD) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: Instant coffee, at target? I don't understand wh.. Target Corp. (TGT) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: Bottomed and back at 12,000 if we hadn't bailed out .. Citigroup, Inc. (C) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: -- dunk on that guy. Fdic gave out a trillion dolla.. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: I ain't cool with that. I would dump on .. Stores, Inc. (WMT) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: Instant coffee, at target? I don't understa.. McDonald's Corp. (MCD) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: Instant coffee, at target? I don't understand wh.. Starbucks Corp. (SBUX) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: You know what? We would have quickly bottomed an.. Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: Know. The fact is we do know that iran is doing some.. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: How much did we send wall street in last.. FedEx Corp. (FDX) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: Agreed. Boy, the lines are always long in there. Aren.. McDonald's Corp. (MCD) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: Star bucks has succeed indeed demon straiding.. FedEx Corp. (FDX) Discussed on Fox Business's Happy Hour: Agreed. Boy, the lines are always long in there. Aren.. McDonald's Corp. (MCD) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: Star bucks has succeed indeed demon straiding.. McDonald's Corp. (MCD) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: Star bucks has succeed indeed demon straiding.. Dell, Inc. (DELL) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: Gross margins down as well. >> check out jay.. Piper Jaffray Companies (PJC) Discussed on Fox Business's Countdown to the Closing Bell: Be the sole audio elec.. Bank of America Corp. (BAC) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: To verify whether someone was promised s.. Dell, Inc. (DELL) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: Gross margins down as well. >> check out jay.. Nike, Inc. (NKE) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: >> we have breaking news. Nike, Inc. (NKE) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: >> we have breaking news. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: Go to one of the biomedical companies or wha.. Dell, Inc. (DELL) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: Gross margins down as well. >> check out jay.. Google Local Listings - Are You Squandering Your Business's Ten seconds of Fame - Bank of America Corp. (BAC) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: To verify whether someone was promised s.. Dell, Inc. (DELL) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: Gross margins down as well. >> check out jay.. Nike, Inc. (NKE) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: >> we have breaking news. Bank of America Corp. (BAC) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: To verify whether someone was promised s.. Dell, Inc. (DELL) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: Gross margins down as well. >> check out jay.. Nike, Inc. (NKE) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: >> we have breaking news. It would be nice if Politicians elected by the People actually voted in the People's best interest instead of Big Business's interest!Crooks Google, Inc. (GOOG) Discussed on Fox Business's Countdown to the Closing Bell: Have to cook. GOOGLE android ope.. Starbucks Corp. (SBUX) Discussed on Fox Business's Countdown to the Closing Bell: Mcgraw-hill, "washington post.. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) Discussed on Fox Business's Bulls & Bears: Things people need, wall greet gains .. McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. (MHP) Discussed on Fox Business's Countdown to the Closing Bell: They make and deve.. Google, Inc. (GOOG) Discussed on Fox Business's Countdown to the Closing Bell: Have to cook. GOOGLE android ope.. Google, Inc. (GOOG) Discussed on Fox Business's Countdown to the Closing Bell: Have to cook. GOOGLE android ope.. Starbucks Corp. (SBUX) Discussed on Fox Business's Countdown to the Closing Bell: Mcgraw-hill, "washington post.. Piper Jaffray Companies (PJC) Discussed on Fox Business's Countdown to the Closing Bell: Be the sole audio elec.. McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. (MHP) Discussed on Fox Business's Countdown to the Closing Bell: They make and deve.. Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) Discussed on Fox Business's Countdown to the Closing Bell: If you don't know what the wa.. Google, Inc. (GOOG) Discussed on Fox Business's Countdown to the Closing Bell: Estimates and they've been worki..
Roxy: "its not about homeland secuity you stupid mother fucker! I'm gonna get a friend!" Your lines rocked! Not sure how I feel about Claire's storyline though... Nas Talks About Album No-Shows, Def Jam Pres Top Tweets about Brand New Eyes Wow.ii never rested so good im about to sleep again\ sittin in study tables bored outta my MINDDD! so yes, im about to be a 'tweet head' for the next 2 and a half hours I instantly thought about slackin on my pimpin lmao! What's wrong with meeee hahahahah CAN WE GET PRESS PASSES TO A DOCUMENTARY ABOUT THE PRESS? HOW META. oh i love it so much. Haha we were talking about this in apush. A lot of people I have spoken to about this before never had it savoury! Also contemplating how to go about introducing myself to the girl sitting next to me. Midget Women R Hot to Me. Their Ases Gets me Everytime. Talk about Junk In the Trunk! tami explain to me why an adult tells a 15yr old girl about anal sex with her man. the kid .no fucking morales!!!! LOL. that's messed up. What's the link about? I didnt even check it oh ok thank u for explain MONE I was just about to get an attitude with and ha! "Are you still bitching about getting bitchslapped by a bitch?" lol ... BtwN wer err 1 Now! buzz me! im bored...tel me about d pple annoyn u lool...d fun ure havn...anythn hit me up :) let me be ur shrink :D So who's been trying out the new CNN iPhone app? I just got it. Still haven't made up my mind about it.. liking it so far though. Its 11:48 PM Here In Scotland...What About u? blog about it. i'm to. it kinda helps! SAME!! about the french class :D haha. i have to tell you something tomorrow...about a boy we know. Did you hear about the Chinese couple who had a retarded baby? yeah they named him "Sum Ting Wong" I don't know about that ugh! dreams drive me crazy...cause then I think about them trying to figure them out..cause they're weird!! :( Is at Mixed Magic Theater in Pawtucket for "Hurricane Season" about Katrina and after. because it was a nice building and it said something about giving back on the outside... i thought it was some of comm... what am i doing with my life? almost time reevaluate... really need to think about this. Loving Flashforward as a book. Worried about what TV will do to it...FBI agents instead of physicists!? I am offended[...] McFarlane, Larsen, Liefeld rock the page! Image United preview --- its about time. It's about time some damn hard rain fell out there... I was wondering if I was still in Oregon! Hmm.. rain water home brew... i feel like such an idiot for being so caught up in subscribers/followers. i do love making videos and thats all i should be concerned about it was played (not in it's entirety) about 4 times today I think reading and you would have known that for about, hmm two weeks Dr. Tattlebaum and AT Cosmetics are now on Twitter! Here to provide you with helpful info about plastic surgery. It sure gets old having to use PAYDAY-ADVANCE just to get by. How about you? Ready for a change? GO: They Don't Care About Us - Michael Jackson!! one of the greatest songs of all time.. <3333 only about to delete 200.000 items from trash (cleaning up my macbook) How COOL! Primeval's been saved!! Tho not happy about having to wait till 2011 a few more hors til I get off work & hit up taco tuesday in marina & order about 5 fuckin carna asada tacos baby :) Quiz tomorrow...wondering about alot. KARMA's a bitch so watch what you do/say!!! ... Happy Hour at Barcodes...its about to be a problem.. By What The Fuck Are You Waiting For??? Everyones Talking About It. . . Go Get It!!! Shit ;) a lil bit. is sittin here sayin he doesn't feel well. He's about to be such a baby. Design is simply "solving a problem in an elegant way" - no specification about what the problem is. about to do some laundry..how exciting I don't trust OK! They print lies about Rob and Kristen.
Asian_Dating says: Revealing The Secrets Of Photography: For others, photog.. Hello again just corey checking up so how was you afternoon was it exciting? Revealing? Suspensefull? Boring? :D Dems on Senate Finance Committee rip off masks, revealing themselves to be Republicans! Nation feigns surprise. UI Administrator Suite Costs: Champaign- New documents are giving revealing look at an expensive perk that come.. what day are you revealing Doctor Doom as DLC cause I have already beat the game 3 times and need a reason to go back through Out of the darkness, fretted sometimes in its sleeping, jets of sparks in fountains of blue come leaping to sight, revealing a secret ... Revealing sign at Labour conference: "Please keep left" (as seen on OK no, do not let anyone trick you into revealing persdonal information about yourself. Cool video with Tony Robbins interviewing Frank Kern and John Reese, revealing secrets to their success! Check back tomorrow.....we'll be revealing the rideNSS Tour winner....there's a $5K Skatepark Upgrade on the line (singing) "Faded pictures in a broken glass like a mirror revealing what the woman is feeling... Was it someone from a distant past?.." damn *pulls revealing neck* fine do it if it makes u happy! of mystery model in dress strikes revealing poses at super nights: Mystery model in sh.. carl's parents found revealing facebook IMs Tony is revealing a LOT about Aussie showbiz today, remember it'll be podcasted later! Twitter is like a woman in revealing clothing...can we please leave something to the imagination? I juz peeped ur competition lmao im mad she got her shit really out there....u did that tho...kept sexy n non revealing White House hearings on oceans are revealing lots of for the new ocean policy! Here's a RI story White House hearings on oceans are revealing lots of for the new ocean policy! Here's a RI story Yes! The case law is great and so revealing... Thanksyou so much Greg! tamilcelebritynews: Hot Indian Womens wet dressed in Revealing clothes Dems on Senate Finance Committee rip off masks, revealing themselves to be Republicans! Nation feigns surprise. White House hearings on oceans are revealing lots of for the new ocean policy! Here is a Rhode Island story. OMG seriously there is a guy on tinychat now revealing to much!! pffft, dude we can escape, we are than you think!! LMAO @ This female wearing a skimy dress revealing the hair on her armpits =D WOW get it together!!! Fwd:bestlesbianweek: Man fired from Christian radio station for revealing he was gay rlly? Cuz I recall being in the car y do u insist on revealing such vile lies Ive NEVER crashed!!! (Hehe) Oh man.... I've talked to people about what I do before, but THAT has got to be the most revealing interview I've done EVER. Man fired from Christian radio station for revealing he was gay The revealing of my boyfriend's nose is quite ad hoc. Michael Jackson's spiritual advisor recorded 30 hrs of conversations w/ MJ. We'll play those tapes tonight. Revealing! Jacksons spiritual advisor recorded 30 hs of conversations w him.We'll play d tapes 2night.They r revealing!via New Zealand archaeologists probe Maori midden: Archaeologists in New Zealand have begun work on revealing what.. Exclusive: Man fired from Christian radio station for revealing he ... How many spiritual advisors did MJ have? June is one of them. Now this one with these tapes... Yeah, the tapes are revealing! I think people dressed more modestly in the 70s. I find that better than the revealing clothes of today. her outfit is a bit revealing haha says Pentagon $35 billion tanker contest by revealing pricing data to Boeing. (AP) tiny.cc/Vb4so Did anybody actually MAKE the bride-to-be wear something that revealing though??? Wrestling w/some issues that are challenging my assumptions, exposing some weaknesses, and revealing some painful realities. Extra prayer? different topics, so stay tuned! I will be revealing small details, here and there, about it. I won't do too many spoilers, if any. Just The most revealing of the Derrion story is his own reality..living with his sister's grandmother, his mom downstate, dad unknown Michael Jackson's spiritual advisor recorded 30 hrs of conversations w/ the him. We'll play tonight. They're revealing! <- SMH Canadian bestselling novelist Louise Penny 's candid and revealing interview:
I'm so impressed with Logic's sculpture right now, this sounds almost like a modular or buchla drone. Why did Logic's SMPTE code reset to 50 minutes??? Those idiots don't care cuz they're 2 busy being emotional wrecks. Logic's not in their DNA. wot dya mean 'you hate fuzzy logic?'..fuzzy logic's good for the soul, dearie!! hahahaha...keeps u on ur toes.. :D Integrity Logic's iPod geomaps actually cover 9 states: NY includes NJ & CT In my brain's crawl-space / My fears wiggle past the spot / Where logic's bond breaks. / Eco.Logic's 100% Fully Recyclable Milk Prototype Silent Way v1.4.1 released - adds AU Generators (the rarest of all AUs) for Logic's benefit: Eco.Logic's 100% Fully Recyclable Milk Prototype Cool! Eco.Logic's 100% Fully Recyclable Milk Prototype Eco.Logic's 100% Fully Recyclable Milk Prototype on! Eco.Logic's 100% Fully Recyclable Milk Prototype Molly Rector comments on Spectra Logic's business: It may be cloudy at Sun, but all is clear at Spectra Eco.Logic's 100% Fully Recyclable Milk Prototype Eco.Logic's 100% Fully Recyclable Milk Prototype Premier Logic's new brand launch hit Business Week Radar Logic's Composite Home Price Index Continues to Post Large ... Virage Logic's RFID NVM Solution Being Developed on SMIC's 180nm ...: The RFID-optimized NVM solution, .. Okay, I like how you can fuck with straight audio files using Logic's new Flex feature. But other than that... In my brain's crawl-space / My fears wiggle past the spot / Where logic's bond breaks. 1.space 2.wiggle 3. spot 4.bond News: Systems ecologist and business strategist Gil Friend points ...: Gil Friend, CEO of Natural Logic, s.. I just can't bring myself to write it... logic's not a faily possibly rapist!!! XD NO, SHE MISREAD IT. NOT EVEN LOGIC'S THAT FUCKED UP. Heypp ... today was gr8 , after the logic's class, me and my friends went to drink coke and learn how to play poker [funnyy and so cool] ;D Discovering some of Logic's darker secrets, like half-baked PDC, shoddy integration of multi out instruments and aux anomalies. Yikes! What about it do you prefer? Logic's normalize is [not] my friend smh. Finaally I can say I finished the logic's homework ... I'm so tired and still have more than 50 math' exercises to do and 100 pages to read! Im fast at putting a lo cut w/logic's EQ using the MCU. but would rather use SSL EQ. check beta forum 4 my post on control surface! Well I admit my logic's flawed bt I figure u must b a very diff in person frm wot u show on twitter. Really? ... SMIC has selected Virage Logic's AEON MTP NVM solution for use in passive tags. Logic's Already Home peep the track there! EAST END CAFE TOMORROW NIGHT!!! WORLD LOST, WITHOUT LOGIC, BXN, JOSH FROM WITHOUT LOGIC'S DON'T MISS... EAST END CAFE TOMORROW NIGHT!!! WORLD LOST, WITHOUT LOGIC, BXN, JOSH FROM WITHOUT LOGIC'S DON'T MISS THIS! BRING YER ASSES OUT! lol I'm thinkin about it just because I like Logic's sounds that's the one major thing i hate about ableton is it's automation features logic's is so much easier to work with it's a Novation remote 25 le using Logic's soft synths. Group Logic's MassTransit Placed as a Visionary in Leading Industry Analyst Firm's Managed File Transfer Magic Quadrant SMIC Selects Virage Logic's AEON(R) Embedded Multi-Time Programmable (MTP) Non-Volatile SMIC Selects Virage Logic's AEON(R) Embedded Multi-Time Programmable (MTP) Non-Volatile Memory (NVM) for RFID Applica... $$ Logic's new flex tool is my new god. SMIC Selects Virage Logic's AEON(R) Embedded Multi-Time Programmable (MTP) Non-Volatile Memory (NVM) f.. just downloaded paladin logic's taverntrix and iduh iphone apps. they're great. Awesome job, Dr. Mondo!! I'm in love with Louis Logic's music. Yum! LOGIC'S ASSIGNMENT 3 MORE ! just selected Distilled Logic's booth for Will you be there?
Did you expect it to be a lonely process? ^s New study - more low-income students would make it to if financial aid process It's a doco detailing the dubious process's behind the worlds economy. Rather interesting if you're in that thing. omg. came outside to smoke while my client process's....no thanks it's like the devils crotch outside! yeah, that's a fundamental limit in ASL. Xcode presumably isn't querying the ASL database but is looking at the process's stdio. da process s freezing... God I had to reactive all of the Microsoft process's then all of them!! God I want a mac!!!! Promofix - Branding Process's | Promofix Forex Software Trader - Things To Look Out For: Forex Traders who use software to automate the trading process s.. Trying To Find Friends For The Markov Process's Band Myspace And Street Team Myspace, And Friends On Twitter! IM LIKE EATING AT PEOPLE'S HOUSES NONSTOP YET IM LOSING WEIGHT IN THE PROCESS :S
aww thank you! wish I could :) and by dates, you mean gigs not like I need a man, right? :P wait is he your son??? Q: Whats ur take on Google Wave? Answer by angoor khatte hai :P True Ramdev Baba ishtyle!!! :D HAHAHA :( I'll be sure to ask again when u get it back :) think you'll get it back by 2? Tonight connect time again :D Missed it!! It's been 4 weeks ago :( Should I go by bike or tram?! The weather is changing.... Let's wait ;) so hot here :( . how's there ?? by the way , what's ur name :D ? :) how are you? Sorry I ain't get a chance 2 stop by the other day. :( ahh, i know :( ahah oh yeah im kotah by the way nice to meet you, what are you up too? :) And what to do for a DATE?? Don't worry!! Just trying to be on the safer side!! :P ... Best of Luck by the way!! :) ;) Yes i do but i cant get a that fast :( make it up by shooting a music video in new jersey? :) haha whats that - tweeting a cringe? tweets by people with fringes!! :D er i cant rhyme anymore :( i like rhyming haah haha, wonna cheer me up chipmunk by tweeting me back? :( :) i love you and your new song <3 xx my lovely sara left me all by myself :( cant wait to go home and take a nap lol 26 26saturday with sara? hopefully :) ... ... I was in Wycombe today :) What's the job? Nothing exciting by the sounds of things! :( *Hugs* lol i was home by 2pm :) didnt hve any lessons this afternoon :P x wot u up to ? Will Sting glow when my boss walks by!? :) ~~ Funny thing, I was wondering the same thing! :P I got it already. But I didn't get the golden tix :( confirm with me by tonight can ha? whether yre selling it to me or not? :) oh seriously? It's r18 :( I'll just by the DVD and watch it without my parents :) It has, I guess :) Maybe I'll drop by at the mall some other day to check it out. I really want to have one :( It hasn't there ? can someone send me by john mayer? please? :) maybe? :P ah your in brighton? i live quite near there! want me to drop by and say hey? :P :) x Fact?? What so! Took your advice, ate, feel fine, hurray : ) expect to be hit by a wave of hangover @ some stage tho :( missed Invisible by why'd i pause the radio?! :( but i'm sure the song rocks cause i heard the demo! :) My bowling name was Demi! :D A guy by us was like "Wow, Demi" & I was like "Wait what?" & he said "You look like Demi Lovato. :P yay you . :) do you know anyone that was affected by the typhoon ? :( Did you know I know that dance off by Seriously. Took me weeks to perfect it! :D I have too much time on my hands.. :P I don't see much grnd beef in your books. Store by us only carries either feedlot meat :( or grnd free-range :) Any ideas? hehe! Yip if u want :) got lots on though :( when would u like it by? Maybe I can squeeze it in :) haha, so instead you'll have a killer hangover tomorrow? :P sunday hangovers are cured by sunday roast!! :D :P its by birmingham :) you ? DISNEY: Leaving soon, i'm hungry. :) why do people insist on walking by hotel rooms making as much noise as possible? I miss Ryan. :( whaaat?! nothing more worse than working on Sat. :-( hurry up, sweetie. hope the day went by fast. :-) np :). I'm listening Jonas Brothers and make a poll. :P and then i make new Pic. and i wear the drums by miley :D you? Any time :) By the way, im just wondering if your feeling better? you sounded really sick on the radio sir :-( oh no i missed your mass twitter reply :( please tweet me? wish you were fave hottie at kca :D you would win by a landslide :( dont think i'll be getting th extra Baileys now, Cats in frnt by a point. Mayb i can bargain with dad for a few sips of his J&D ?? :) Sup man, Sideways by myself :( or :) ??? oooh did you see David flash by? YAY he :P I'm gonna call it a night, good night David & fly later :) haha! I got Retweeted already, by Whattey speed, I say! :D The Skull is so attractive? :P Yesss, it is. :) Do you know some cool songs? Except for songs by JB, Demi, Miley, Taylor, Mitchel, Jordin etc.? :P Aila! British Angrezi applies here. Why bother with German? :P Get yourself mauled by Smokie. :) cripes. do you have a chicken nugget allergy!? :( if you need the aisle that's cool, hope you're feeling better by tonight!! :) Oye! Chill boss! :) I doubt the publisher! Big B was rejected by AIR, we don't doubt Big B, do we? :P :) by answers to his q&a :) wish I could've seen you in Idaho Falls :( darn! Come back soon? :) I don't wanna 2010 to come... - why ? - Because i'll feel so..2010 :( by:@enamii :D Sleepless but I have an exam at 8am :( < I can feel this feeling ;) ... by the way best luck for exam na :) who am I ? ... sorry emily :( i'm coming by the office with techie so she can meet some office friends :) will you be around for lunch?
A study of the USB Bank, the largest privately owned finance company in the world Toyota to Make Largest Auto Recall According to a recent Event Update: Fridays at Stingaree: Stingaree, San Diego's largest and most glamorous nightclub, i.. Toyota recalling 3.8M vehicles over floormats, its largest ever in U.S. Filed under: Governm... Toyota to Recall 3.8 Million Cars In the largest car recall in A... Celebrate National Coffee Day -- with the world's largest macaroon?: Settle down with a fluffy New Orleans-.. Prehistoric Shark Nursery Spawned Giants: The breeding ground of the world's largest, prehistoric predator has .. Toyota Largest US Recall Ever diggfeeder Prehistoric Shark Nursery Spawned Giants: The breeding ground of the world's largest, prehistoric predator.. * join_me Prehistoric Shark Nursery Spawned Giants: The breeding ground of the world's largest, prehistoric predator has .. Prehistoric Shark Nursery Spawned Giants: The breeding ground of the world's largest, prehistoric predator has .. History or no mystery? IOC has a statement to make: The Associated Press Hosting the world's two largest sp.. Diggfeeder Prehistoric Shark Nursery Spawned Giants: The breeding ground of the world's largest, prehistoric predator .. join_me GrapeCity is the worlds largest component company with over 850 employees world-wide, our site shows more History or no mystery? IOC has a statement to make: The Associated Press Hosting the world's two largest sp.. Gannett Surges as Forecast Exceeds Analysts' Estimate: 29 (Bloomberg) -- Gannett Co., the largest US newspa.. Gannett Surges as Forecast Exceeds Analysts' Estimate: 29 (Bloomberg) -- Gannett Co., the largest US newspa.. News Toyota to Issue Largest-Ever Recall Jupiter, the largest planet orbiting our sun, is shining brightly just below the moon right now. But do we want to become the world's largest banana republic? Thomas Sowell Toyota to Recall 3.8 Million Vehicles, Largest U.S. Recall in Its History. More @ Toyota Issues Its Largest Safety Recall - Toyota said it would carry out its largest safety recall ever after repor... Testing Youtube An interview with the team behind the largest GWO test in history But do we want to become the world's largest banana republic? Thomas Sowell The car reversing in front of you is a Toyota - - largest ever auto recall in US history (Via Ap and ) Killer floormats? Largest Toyota recall ever: Dangrs floor mats killing people (via Applied Materials Sees Solar Growth in China: China represents the largest for solar panel makers, .. Four Firms Headline Second-Largest IPO of the Year Help us expose WellPoint, the largest insurer in America by bravenewfilms: U just have bad luck Toyota recalls 3.8 million vehicles in its largest recall ever Prehistoric Shark Nursery Spawned Giants: The breeding ground of the world's largest, prehistoric predator has .. CambridgeTimes.ca: News: Story: CRCA chief calls for closer co ...- The Grand River is the largest source of... Largest Military Parade Honor's USMC Legend: It's here, in a 7000-person town, wher.. Canadian Hydro plans offshore wind farm- Canadian Hydro Developers Inc., Canada's largest independent developer of ... Largest diamond found...lucky dogs Toyota to Issue Largest-Ever Recall I know several pple this affects - Money News - Toyota Announces Largest US Recall Ever Largest Military Parade Honor's USMC Legend: It's here, in a 7000-person town, wher.. Testing Youtube - An interview with the team behind the largest GWO test in history Domain on Sedo auction now. UK has largest Sikh population outside India: - sikh, sikhs Speaking at another church tonight. This is the largest in the association. I have had drivers getting me to the churches 30 minutes early! assisting world's largest airline manufacturer implement 8 Server workflow/feedback system.
i would be in Kelis "I Hate You So Much" Video cause i love her big hair plus the Women ruled I think velouria is a fine choice. plus you don't want to rule out the possibility that you'll *be* famous one day. now playing Daughter of Madain Sari by FF9, FF9 OST Plus. 0/32 users. Have a listen: thanks lady. I was gonna see if you wanted to hang out tonight but both alex and I are sick. Plus colonel is loosing it manhoo ... Plus who needs dialogue for that? I felt huge emotions for the characters in "Ico" and they said nothing... eating yummy food plus kool-aid & watching the movie "my girl" with mama. :) Do you love to travel & have photos to prove it? Then u must enter contest to win a FREE plus more! TONIGHT @ THE BRAND NEW TROC! $3 U CALL ITS! PLUS DJ GABE XAVIER SPINNIN UR FAVORITE OLD SCHOOL JAMS!! ... CheapOair Autumn Hotel Sale the Cheapest Hotel rates for Autumn season Plus save $10 Instantly with Coupon code AUTUMN10 The biggest story everybody missed about Jon & Kate: Fame and the Hollywood dream breaks families, makes us all ugly. Plus 8! Kate Plus Eight was what the show should have been called all along. Why are people surprised Jon got dropped? UQAM's LibDup went on Youtube (300 000 views as of now), Ellen tweeted it, we went to Musique Plus, then TVA and now freaking CNN! Couldn't we just rename "Jon & Kate Plus 8" to "8 multiples running around like screaming banshees"? This Week in TreeHugger: Bill Clinton Riffs on Emissions during a Slow Climate Week, Plus Brad On Green Buildin.. THAT TRAILER OF "TAKERS" IS BANGING AND PLUS BREEZY U LOOK REALLY COOL IN THAT FLICK.MWAH So now it's "Kate Plus 8"...?! That gives me another reason not to watch. >:( you guys wanna stay at the queen elizabeth? so do we! plus my fadderrr has discounts:) Even tho I stopped watching the show... Im so glad its Kate Plus 8 now. jeje I tweeted that about a month ago. I got my Wish! You should join me on Listia to get $50 in free credits plus a bonus gift here: just published "Street Fighter IV Goes "Super", Plus Teaser Trailer" Target and Giant with MJ - now watching Spongebob. Plus it's in the 60s. Life is good. plus most of my patnas have youngins... Spiking in search: American Samoa quake/tsunami, Kate Plus 8 drops Jon, Philippines flooding, Barbra album, Alicia Keys affair TONIGHT @ THE BRAND NEW TROC! $3 U CALL ITS! PLUS DJ GABE XAVIER SPINNIN UR FAVORITE OLD SCHOOL JAMS! ... I highly recommend it. Its a great way to your day, and you get pretty toes as a plus :D UK: See in 'Blackadder II S1E1 - Bells' - Wed Sep 30th at 12:40am BST on GOLD (Plus 1): I wonder what Jon & Kate Plus Eight is going to be called now that Jon Gosselin is leaving. 'Kate Plus whichever kids she has this weekend'? Free to join! Earn money from 8 income streams plus $88 a month just for helping others at our forum! Ha. ha - that's awesome. Hahah! Kate plus 8. Sorry jon, you suck. Thank u friend!!! Lol u know me! Hey Hey Hey don't call sour. SHE'S MY BUD plus she's studyin so wait ... Kate Plus 8....is anyone really shocked by this? Isn't that what's it's been for some time now anyway? So, apparently I didn't miss much at school. That's a plus. Now if only I felt better. New blog post: House of Fraser 25% off Designer Brands PLUS Free delivery - 2 Days Only -shrugs- bella, its-a the only way to make it perfect! plus.....now was can have first, si ;] finally gave Blueprint 3 a proper listen on a long drive, lovin "empire state of mind" & "on to the next one", plus DOA is a future classic My gf says I tweet a lot. I'll take that as a plus rather than a neg lol @ New post: Forex Trading Made E Z.: 60% Comm Earns $42. Affiliate Refunds: 2.6%. EBook(R) Plus 24 Onlin.. N.. Blizzard and Sumer rockin' 200 plus at Full Sail Auditorium. Apearantly I still have warrents. Just served time for ALL my shit! Plus no license for a year! Yay Me!! Could be way worse. Keep Faith! KStew & RPatz: $12M each plus 9% of the box office? That is a bit much: what the heck... Jon & Kate Plus 8 is changing to just Kate Plus 8. JON'S THE BOMB For me, it was too slow, plus I didn't like Claire/Gretchen/New Girl but I loved Matt/Sylar/Samuel You should join me on Listia to get $50 in free credits plus a bonus gift here: LJ blocked too (plus many other things). by some weird quirk SM forums aren't so spend time lurking there due to lack of other stuff Kate Plus 8, is anyone shocked at this? Isn't that what's been for some time now anyway? Warning re-issued - Raoul Island one metre wave - 500 nautical miles away - about an hour plus arrival time i'm not one who has gotten down with this john&kate plus 8 debacle, but the fact that TLC changed it to "kate plus 8" is freakin awesome. about halfway through the 600 plus photos for our Winter flyer, meeting w tomorrow on the new merch collab w Akomplice Clothing!!!
Leaving S.C. today for L.A and I don't want to Going to seattle for a whole fucking week...at least i get to fly there instead of the 8 hour car ride....LEAVING S ... yay. leaving! -s aww this is unfair. U get online when im leaving!!!! :S :( haha "The best ending maybe is just moving on!" --- <He's just not that into you> // thanks for leaving's reminder~ ok, back from a 13 hour day of work. not bad except for the buffalo 10 feet from my car that watched my every move when i was leaving. :S Oh, I was hoping she died, but leaving's fine too. Leaving's the worst :( Today was great though! Love you! Leaving S.C. TODAY Arriving to Charleston PCE C.M.A lolol going to a in hackney tonight....but waiting for that phone call to know when we leaving!! :S leaving s.bradley leaving s.bradley *ngasal Thanks for ripping up my street/sidewalk and leaving, ! i'm like, two days ill now, and some people in school already think i'm leaving :S how funny is that? WEIRD people on this Well my family is leaving S.D. I plan on staying. I just need to find a room that me and Ceazar can rent. I'm leaving :S Good night to all of you who are on twitter ... kisses! I'm leaving :S Good night to all of you who are on twitter ... kisses!
Watching Finding Nemo. :) Why is the beginning always so sad? :( Blog still down. :-( Other things in life beginning to look up! :-) But then again, what is life but ups and downs? oh fudge. Lols. That sucks! Why don't you just go buy it? :) I have to read it.. But I'm only in the beginning. :(
Hey I've been beta testing "Windows 7" for 4 months! I got chosen to host a Launch on Oct 22! J ... Barbie?. Another Day Jus Testing It. WILL FIGHT A NIGGA JUS AS IF HE WAS A FEMALE..DNT GET THAT SHIT TWISTED..KEEP TESTING ME!!! DUMB PUSSY ASS NIGGA!! =) Yes, you're right. Non-testing coders similarly should not make Grand Pronouncements on how to test. Testing Testing Twittererfic it works ... Trying slot of new things 2day ... Mobile Twitter and Facebook ... I like it :) testing twittermail - testing 1, 2, 3 are u recieving tweets.. GO HOGS!!!! Tonight sees the presentation from Geoff Horne on Rescuing the Testing Project organised by Auckland [CDC] Questions & Answers: Interim Recommendations for Clinical Use of Influenza Diagnostic Testing During.. Blog: A/B testing for email marketing (Via Blog: A/B testing for email marketing (Via [CDC] Questions & Answers: Influenza Diagnostic Testing During the 2009-2010 Flu Season: How will I know i.. Load testing of a service is the best way to find annoying bugs... But don't wait until the day before launch to do them! FRIEND DEY STEADY TESTING ME... Classes are going well so far. Psychology is just reading and testing mostly and making up 2d design will be a breeze. Lets hope Japanes ... thank god no more testing. ... I'm giving a talk on testing Ajax applications next week at the STARWest conference. Testing out twitter from my bb Google Wave goes to beta testing (via --Interesting. Thoughts, anyone? Google Wave goes to beta testing (via iPhone app) that shyttt took too long.. For 1 episode :-/ I was testing out whether I should buy the Netflix online box. Might do that instead I would love to know how Google Wave improves and streamlines. Anyone beta testing it? Load testing of a service is the best way to find annoying bugs... But don't wait until the day before launch to do them! Usability testing cancellations 12hrs before your appt is a dick move. Testing tonight for - to add content, need PBWorks acct. Help me add action steps this week! Testing 1-2-3-4. Check. Check one. Check. Check two....okay you're clear to podcast. In law, script-like tools are like "paving stones on a fast highway to malpractice" - Cem Kaner. I'm testing some automation using and for a different project, my results are not concrete yet though. CDC Swine Flu News Questions & Answers: Influenza Diagnostic Testing During the 2009-2010 Flu.. GUI test auto loses because it a) checks things that need testing b) tests things that are checkable at lower levels. update : Questions & Answers: Influenza Diagnostic Testing During the 2009-2010 Flu Season: How will I .. testing link to Questions & Answers: Interim Recommendations for Clinical Use of Influenza Diagnostic Testing During the 2009-2.. Questions & Answers: Influenza Diagnostic Testing During the 2009-2010 Flu Season: How will I know if I have th.. Questions & Answers: Influenza Diagnostic Testing During the 2009-2010 Flu Season & if any neighbors are stalking me, they're laughing their arses off right now - testing tunes for the XC video & rocking out while cooking! Testing Cram. Doubt it will be better than though. Testing out twitterberry... And... Test. Questions & Answers: Influenza Diagnostic Testing During the 2009-2010 Flu Season : The Etsy is in testing, and tomorrow is the end fo the Facebook Contest! Google Wave goes to beta testing (via Testing Youtube An interview with the team behind the largest GWO test in history [CDC update] Questions & Answers: Influenza Diagnostic Testing During the 2009-2010 Flu.. Questions & Answers: Interim Recommendations for Clinical Use of Influenza Diagnostic Testing During the 2009-2..
- my wacky inventions meaning funny videos? hmmm :) Isn't this Teller' costume great? :D ->"I got a cookie that read - "Don't believe what you read in cookies" Now what do I do?"<- Believe in GOD :-) At the risk of bragging... my 3 month old sleeps 8-10 hours a night. To what do I owe this great :) My pleasure and thank you. What does a few seconds retweeting cost? Nothing and the thanks are a :-) @ beefain yep, great movie. Wonder who stole it from whom? Bet the cookie was first :) :-) What did the birdie tell ya? Don't you know that it is a crime to post vague tweets??? what side of the world r u on to be eating lunch at 1.48 am? I know u huungry! (1.48 am): I had a cookie for lunch. :) What happens if I invent a Time Machine? Imagine the fame and Headlines: A 14-year old kid invents a time machine =) do u ever respond directly to fans?? your cookie" tweets are wonderful..i enjoy reading them ..sendin u much love!!! : ) how are you LL ?? i happen to like your cookie tweets : ) My cookie says "The courage to be great lies deep within each of us". What does that mean? :) Aha. :) Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time. :) - cliche cookie... & why do they always add smiley faces? Thank you cookie Chelsea :) Power to ya. Does that mean I never knew the real you? why not look at how modern Tarot readers work? Its more a tool for growth than telling these days :) I want my read..Again. Any professional psychics out there on Twitter? :) My cousin said, "Have you read 'The Cookie Chronicles'?" Have I! =) re: cookie. Maybe someone is just trying to share Proverbs 3:5 with you? :) - And then you'd be able to charge a small for the files! Hmm ... are we looking at a conservationist/arsonist? :D cookie: "the job is well done". A sign? :) Today's If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun ... o que acham? :D Tonight I had dinner with Li-Chang's brother. Apparently you're family friends? We talked about your cookie book :-) What's goin on with the twins of royalty? jewelz and green boi goes so hard and i always say ninja greatness :) Jen - you're kidding... jeans every day? I could save a on "work clothes"! But - the grass is always greener... :) That's a nice view! What's the story behind your good today? :) What's more to you: being known by LOTS of people or FEWER but more influential people? -- u want fame or :) Latest cookie is "the purpose of argument should not be victory, but progress." Like that! Anyone want to argue? :) I happened across the lovely by sheer We share a musical bond. :) How do u know her? Oh btw, hows the progress on your I mailed off four more yesterday :) :) How do I get on wheel of Cuz I kill this shit on a daily basis ^_^ Fame or with a lil bit of fame.....or both. :) What should I have for lunch? I want something healthy, and quick, that doesn't cost a Go ahead, make suggestions :) Lynx: Be an athlete where it counts Dude: In the bed? Lynx: Like a cookie :D I think I am going to hit the Powerball tonight! I can't wait! LOL. =) What to do with my new found Hmmm throw life in risk, live on the edge, finding meaning in meaningless, did my favorite? did my :D :D :D throw life in risk, live on the edge, searching meaning in meaningless, did my favorite? did my :D :D :D i wish i could be on Wheel Of I'd be all like "BAYYUMM, WHAT NOW PAT SAYJACK?! I JUST WON ALL TEH MONEHS!" cuz i iz a jeenyus. :) ah 25 what shall you bring to me? love? good only time will tell but so far life is good! :) did u know they have msn wheel of !???? :D Out of both classes more than an hour early! To what do I owe this good :) you know those cookies ? anyways, mine just said ''Travel far, to find youreself. '' hunn. well okay... OFF TO NEVERLAND! :D hahaha. Are you sure? :) Wala naman. FB lang.. consulting the teller genius hahah! :) ahahah i (L) priceattack... stupid hair extenstions cost a think i'd prefer my car :D haha how are you? nanya Teller di FB "does he love me?" jawabannya 'may be but be careful' sial apa beruntung ya gw?? :D hey Evan i have a question, how come all us CRAZY Australian fans cant enter to win the hunter edition? thx =) Smile and breathe. Do the best with what u are given :-) << cookie?
if you open bbm and then open options you can fix that.. The bbms won't show up in your txt list and same for email HP Envy 15 FCC filing reveals magnesium casing, Linux options: Okay, so here's a big way the HP's new Envy 15 isn't like t.. Minneapolis: Affordable term life insurance for your children. Plenty of options to review. Quotes are free and quick! Wow! Singapore Airlines adds 1,000 options to in-flight via Council Grove: Affordable whole life insurance for your children. Plenty of options to review. Quotes are free and quick! ... Trying to figure out what to do...no many options when you're broke, huh? LIFE! Engadget: HP Envy 15 FCC filing reveals magnesium casing, Linux options what we've missed in Cdn eComm. More selection means more sales.Your online store should have more options NOT less. Welcome! Be sure to check out for great breakfast, lunch, and dinner options! PS: they have amazing pretzel bread! HP Envy 15 FCC filing reveals magnesium casing, Linux options HP Envy 15 FCC filing reveals magnesium casing, Linux options shock therapy or lobotomy? the options are so varied. doin as much as i can right now ...trying to go for all options ... SISTER: Foot binding or gender reassignment: your only options at this point. Want to miserably fail during your checkout process? Use a weird provider and no don't open your wallet options (e.g., PayPal). Are there non-coffee options? I don't do burnt bean. Pittsburgh: Affordable whole life insurance for your children. Plenty of options to review. Quotes are free and quick! Good chat with an enterprise client about hypervisor options in wake of VMware's move from ESX Enterprise to ESX Enterprise-Plus. Detroit: Affordable health insurance for your children. Plenty of options to review. Quotes are free and quick! What do you feel is a good stock options call stock market $2k Dell. Nice try. That's like paying $80k for a Dodge [Viper]. Much much better options at that price range. Boston: Affordable life insurance for your children. Plenty of options to review. Quotes are free and quick! HP Envy 15 FCC filing reveals magnesium casing, Linux options: You can annotate web pages with Google's Sidewiki but it's all public. I prefer Diigo's options for private notes & groups when needed HP Envy 15 FCC filing reveals magnesium casing, Linux options Options Trading in Biogen Idec (BIIB) and Ivanhoe Mines (IVN) - ONN.tv: Options Trading in Biogen Idec (BIIB) a.. am going back to options lets see bucy make a call option Lots of other options for self-pub...not just Lulu. :-) HP Envy 15 FCC filing reveals magnesium casing, Linux options Appears US insurance lobby is eliminating competition in health ins. by rejecting public options. Chicago: Affordable term life insurance for your children. Plenty of options to review. Quotes are free and quick! I've DL'd a few themes OTA 4 my BB Curve 8900--4 some reason they're not showing up in my theme options menu. where did they go? Pregnancy Miracle - Options with No Side Effects! | Are you looking for Options News: NKE - Remove barriers to your photos, not options. it's a thrilling pension retirement options exam! How's u? ./install -options /tmp/resp.txt -silent Different Options When You Buy Timeshare: When you buy timeshare, it allows you to enjoy the privilege of excha.. New ticket options available for fans. Read more - Great news! Finally, seats to call home. Senate Panel Rejects Pair of Public Options in Health Plan Other options may exist. Call your local extension service (usually run by state university system) and ask about community gardens. thanks for telling us about these other options. A you jerk! That was one of the options but SOMEONE wanted a pumpkin pie >: O Engadget: HP Envy 15 FCC filing reveals magnesium casing, Linux options Please [Blog] Senate Panel Rejects Pair of Public Options in Health Plan: The Senate Finance Committee on Tuesday rejected two proposals to add ... [Blog] Senate Panel Rejects Pair of Public Options in Health Plan: The Senate Finance Committee on Tuesday rejected... Kansas City: Affordable whole life insurance for your children. Plenty of options to review. Quotes are free and quick! New blog post: Free Traffic System vs Marketing:Consider the Options
"Ideology is the practical substitute for compromise in solving the budget" in the state leg. I just failed my lab practical! Happy time with Bianca and Travis I'm in a tough spot and need hospice - hand-holding, practical walk-throughs for daily tasks. Leads, please? "You picked this one. It's not practical for a kidnapping. We need someplace to put Claire." Mep O's (practical) is tomorrow. I'm scared shitless. Going to the firehouse to study for my EMT practical tomorrow night. I hate practicals. Rapid Data Entry is a new feature in QuickBooks 2010 - read more about it in Practical QuickBooks at It's all good...B prudent, intuitive, practical, & use common sense in every choice U make...hey have FUN too!...It's time for some YOGA i forgot you know everything. keep your tin sound. sorry for lending practical advice Not pregnant, nor do I intend to be - but this is v v funny: Practical pregnancy advice from Agile Testing: A Practical Guide for Testers and Agile Teams. Sandy G posted a tweet: Time to De-Stress: Practical Stress Relief submitted by Sandy G super tired trying to finish up this practical so I can take a nap :/ I think your green bags are very unique and practical. Do you guys sell them anywhere besides online? NuvaRing: It was not practical for intercourse and would remove it becuase it would be It caused ir... thus concludes a long discussion about the hows whys and wherefores of tiddlyweb deploy, and a practical fix too to what ales my app .....at defcon 2 in the practical joke wars at work. having a blast! Eastwick. Is it like Charmed and/ or Practical Magic? I may give it a try unless someone comes forward I'll simply pull practical jokes on each of you. Robbie and Greer have already been consulted. My lab practical test tomorrow!! Eeee A Gratitude Attitude Is Easy | A Practical Example Using ... A financial planning time saver with in-depth budget analysis and practical It' a realy good book. Alot of great practical idea's. Reading Practical eCommerce: Ten Great Ecommerce Ideas for October 2009 From industry insiders. Reading Practical eCommerce: Ten Great Ecommerce Ideas for October 2009 From industry insiders. The most practical, beautiful, workable philosophy in the world won't work-if you won't-Zig Ziglar complements.like yin and yang.e.g. moral vs practical: they're not *exclusive,* but they are se Reading Practical eCommerce: Ten Great Ecommerce Ideas for October 2009 from industry insiders Hilarious Pranks, Novelties, Toys, Practical Jokes, Gag Gifts, Laughs, Collectibles, Toys New blog post: Green Living By Design: The Practical Guide For Eco-fri Fascinated by pretty colours. No practical purpose, but pretty nonetheless. Agreed! It's like the iPod - will never have the romanticism of vinyl or something, but MUCH more practical :) Retweeting 14 Practical Ways to Use Evernote needa on mi tarea,.!; watching Practical Magic. XD ... Dane practical exam today... My first final!!! 14 Practical Ways to Use Evernote Ari Solomon: Who You Callin' Vegangelical? Veganism is the practical response to a social injustice. Seven Ways to Reduce Shopping Abandonment | Practical eCommerce Profile: Michigan-based Entrepreneur Reinvents for the eCommerce Age | Practical eCommerce Practical Tips For Getting Cheap Car Insurance: For example, many vintage cars cost less to insure than newer o.. Blood Pressure Naturally. - Real Practical Experience, That Works And Has Cured Or Significantly Reduced ... Oh yeah, I had my 1st ever practical cooking lesson today. Got 10/10 for poached pears in chocolate coat (=melted chocolate with pears) haha, what's wrong with a practical joke once in a while :) Learn how to a recovery ministry & get practical ideas to be more effective Practical Productivity Tip Work on one thing until it's done High heels phone may not be the most practical phone design | DVICE The outback is a bit of a switch for you. I like the subaru. It should fit your practical needs though not as stylish. Practical steps to transforming your life - free newsletter -
The real solutions lie in our own hands! Open Yours! RIATMP1159- Web design for Corporate or Business House | Rich Internet Application Solutions Sending custom graphic to Microremediation LLC, owners of Simple Septic Solutions in Bourne, MA. GREAT blog on green solutions to the staggering jobless/homeless population in PDX Natural Solutions Magazine Announces 'Beauty With a Conscience ... - PR Newswire (press release) GREAT blog on green solutions to the staggering jobless/homeless population in LCD Process Engineer - Computer Technology Solutions - Houston, TX: DESCRIPTION The purpose of this position is.. The new issue of "Business Credit Solutions" just went out the door. If your not getting your free copy, sign up here: Test Analyst * Gaming Solutions * $75k - Not Specified - A$75 K (per year): My clients is a global leader wit.. Google Finds Websites, Findsolve Finds Solutions FRE:Hires Titanium Solutions Inc to meet at homes of delinquent borrowers.Supply missing info etc. 3mo trial pmnt period for H.A.M.P Read Safari Solutions' Press Release! Boat Docks, Dock Products and Dock Solutions For information regarding marketing, sales and event solutions through CMEE, please contact: MeeSun Boice at (714)... Senior Application Architect .Net / NEEDED ASAP: Enabling Solutions, Inc Oak Brook, ILJob description: ... Scoutlounge DJ live on AIR - playing: Magic Solutions - Wet Dreams feat. Marisa Machado (Javi Reina Rock Star Remix) - Tune in: ... is off to True Solutions launch this morning to find out what they've been up to - will back! CRM Marketing Manager, (Global) // Austin, TX - Mangieri Solutions netgraphics! is a new company to develop Softwares, Websites and to provide solutions to webmarketing. Visit us at (POR) Los Angeles, CA Hotel with Worldwide Revenue Solutions ... Shoe Storage Solutions - 1305th Edition Sponsored by: Coupon - 20% off Business Website Solutions thru 9/30/09 News Cisco Solutions Help Secure AmRest Corporate Network News Cisco Solutions Help Secure AmRest Corporate Network Natural Solutions Magazine Announces 'Beauty With a Conscience ...: The Beauty With a Conscience Awards in .. "Innovations is about entrepreneurial solutions to global challenges"... "Innovations is about entrepreneurial solutions to global challenges"... I just did my group meeting yesterday. just a little solutions bashing and its all okay.. Intelligent Leisure Solutions and Discover.Travel Group Launch ... Los Angeles, CA Hotel with Worldwide Revenue Solutions ...: With the new Web site released, the primar.. Comcast Broadband Internet Promo: by Jolene Medford Folks far and wide are looking for solutions to the problem.. The Director of the DISA gives An Overview of their Cloud Computing Solutions: Forge.mil, RACE & GCDS Los Angeles, CA Hotel with Worldwide Revenue Solutions ... The Director of the DISA gives An Overview of their Cloud Computing Solutions: Forge.mil, RACE & GCDS dropbox is good for personnal use / some business, other similar solutions exist which are more focussed on business ... Come to "Beyond the Bubble: New Homebuilding Solutions" Thursday, October 22 from 6:30 pm to 8:30 pm. SAVE THE... Workforce Solutions has 169 jobs available in St. Lucie County. Go to For Business Objects-SAP integration and other services in BI we offer complete solutions. (Photo of Community Energy Solutions) The .. Need an Independent Compensation Consultant? Contact Strategic Compensation Solutions@ To doubt everything or to believe everything are two equally convenient solutions; both dispense with the need for thought. author Sally Wadyka that "different sleep issues require different solutions" Are you in need of within your organization OR family? offers Natural Solutions Magazine Announces 'Beauty With a Conscience ...: The Beauty With a Conscience Awards in .. Take Control: Think Efficient, Productive and Sustaining. Life is too Jarvis Business Solutions LLC: Well-deserved praise for from Network Solutions Prez Roy Dunbar and rousing cheer from attendees at end of conference.
I'm in Morris Cty 2morrow. r u free 4 coffee? Bud Lake in am. Parsip @ noon. then headed back 2 Hunterdon. u? my point it ISN"T fringe..child of Satan Dick Morris calls it themost influential Republican-leaning media outlet in the nation Dick Morris makingup stuff abt Clinton,yet again: Morris-who has something prsonal agnst the Cli.. Dick Morris making up stuff about Clinton, yet again: Dick Morris -- who has something personal against the Cli.. Peachtree Hoops >> 72 reasons to be excited about the Atlanta Hawks: Randolph "McSmiles" Morris contest Same. But I think Julia Morris said the more damning stuff, which egged Magda on. Disappointing. Wonderful day. Seth wants to be Kelly Kapowski and Zach Morris from Saved By the Bell. Making a Kevin from Up costume as well, though :] Was Dick Morris's prostitute a female? Just asking Former Okaloosa County Sheriff Charlie Morris In Prison Beat me to it! "You make me sick when you speak, Morris." Slap Shot is on Versus. Oh hell yes. Shout out too Morris Tancredi, Matt "REDSMOKE" Bolton. Go buy MILEYS new EP. an HANNA MONTANA LP. exclusively at WALLMARK He's just 1/3 of my perfect man. Will Smith and Morris Chestnut are the other 2/3. Outraged at magda zabanski and Julia Morris and their anti cyclist tirade on ten Absorbing kind review of my 2nd CD by brilliant real musician & friend Corinne Morris Your favorite flawed Brian Morris link proves nothing about the ethics of on a healthy, non-consenting child. PROMO TOUR COMING SOON w/ MORRIS CHESTNUT,AVANT & ME!! DVD release of David E. "LOVE IN THE NICK OF TYME" Nov. 3rd!!! when fnc says "obama causes controversy" they mean to say dick morris will appear during prime time yet again. 72 reasons to be excited about the Atlanta Hawks: Randolph "McSmiles" Morris contest - Kevin Morris address the 300 Pop Warner players at UMass Tuesday night. Conducter thought that he opened the door but it didn't opened now we stuck at another stop waiting to go back to morris heights. Clinton morris ftw on facebook do you think we should wait one more week til the meeting. Since Ms. Morris doesn't know about it.? and i havnt met w/ Eli yet I actually sound crazy...it's all in good fun but Morris is still out... did you see dick morris? he says the gop will take back congress next year if there is an america next year lol Watching Saved by the bell episodes on youtube. Man my crush on Zack Morris is coming back ^_^ BBC Rugby News Morris gets three-week suspension: Connacht prop Robbie Morris is handed a three-w.. Second sign Leykand has to go; magglio ordonez is in right field. Niw I'm watching Jack Morris in a Twins commercial...he's off the jersey Feature of the Week Anni Morris Chad I met Steve Foss @ Morris Cerullo Ministries. Glad to hear about the online course. As soon as our new Website is up I will let U know. IRFU 'strike back' at Connacht star: Connacht prop Robbie Morris has been handed a three-week suspension for st.. Had a dream that I was Zack Morris and I was best friends with Kimbo Slice. Never watching Fallon again. i remember i used to get 'morse' code and zack 'morris' confused. i'd always envision a bleach-blonde means of communication Congrats to Naomi Zahl and Matt Morris on a great entry in the NHS competition Tonight: Interviewing guitarist/bassist Joe Morris. And please take The Jazz Session's listener survey. holy hell it is the size of Zack Morris's phone!! haha Open gym on 142nd and morris come thru from 8 till 11. $5 a man Phil is super into Morris Day and the Time <3 (Just like Jay and Silent Bob) - or he was faking it, regardless <3 have a dinosaur phone...seriously its one step up from Zach Morris's phone... SDJ: Forecasting Friday's Payroll Employment Number: Juli Morris writes: >WANTED Hiring Demand Indicator.. Rob Casey Honored With Morris Fair Award - Rob Casey of the Atlanta Chapter was surprised to hear his name ca... Another reason Dick Morris says the country may not survive the next year, we survived the fake Bush war and no worries That adds some light to Dick Morris's credibility now. This is a wonderful source for free leads. liz morris joined this as a marketer. Bumpin that Morris Roth! Uh Ew! ;-P check out o'reilly tonight. sparks fly between bill and me. ||I have a crush on Dick Morris!!||
Why was Delhomme saying "Come on, Moose!" after he threw that interception? He undershot Moose by 3-4 yards. I'm sorry, I undershot those Dollhouse numbers: >15,400 torrenting, >3800 seeding. Win. just sometimes, dam i undershot the mark
Sarah Mclaughlin's performance was amazing at !!! Totally set the mood (: and yepp, ya got it, I'm the official tweeter of the group! Producer Buzz McLaughlin's blog series now "Entering Pre-Production" (via Indie film producer Buzz McLaughlin's blog series continues with "Entering Pre-Production" Love the site!! Indie film producer Buzz McLaughlin's blog series continues... Indie film producer Buzz McLaughlin's blog series continues with "Entering Pre-Production" with who! Ms mclaughlin's son haha And the Band Played Waltzing Matilda ... in my grieving mood. that &Josh Groban & Sarah McLaughlin's xmas albums getting me thru the weekend ~ Jon McLaughlin's voice is nothing of beautiful. listening to of Requiem on Bill McLaughlin's Exploring Music on XM Seeing Garrett Stephenson drop an 'F' bomb on live TV and seeing McLaughlin's reaction was hilarious to see -- again Kiaran McLaughlin's Double O Uno should be tough to beat as the likely fave in Belmont's 2nd today. Jon McLaughlin's We All Need Saving is the perfect soundtrack for Grey's Anatomy. Dude: Sarah McLaughlin's Writer's Block Loaf. Chocolate Chip Banana Bread ROCKS. (halfway down the page) Sarah McLaughlin's 1997 album Surfacing just re-surfaced as a current favorite. Please visit Chris McLaughlin's page and his foundation.
I bought ZVTK @ .0011 looks good. Reminds me of AVVH SPNG and MFLI initially. Yes, I heard that on GMTV. They were very & complimentary about you! You should be proud! xx Whatever is true, noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, lovely, admirable, if excellent or about such things.ph4:8 Whatever is true, noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, lovely, admirable, if excellent or about such things.ph4:8 Thank you for your We are planning to roll out some new features soon. We will release it publicly and then let everyone on twitter know!! amen:) whatever things that are true, noble, just, pure, lovely, good anything - think of these things! USA Swimming Desktop Communicator 4.09: USA Swimming Desktop Communicator is a rather program that.. looks like NPWZ is having a good day. /indeed! hi! "Finally, whatever is true, nobel,right, pure,lovely,admirable,-if anything excellent or on these things."Philippians 4:8 Whatever things are of good if there is any and if there is anything meditae on these things.Philippians 4:8 Why Silk Soy and Dean Foods are horrible companies. "Finally, whatever is true, nobel,right, pure,lovely,admirable,-if anything excellent or on these things."Philippians 4:8 "Finally, whatever is true, nobel,right, pure,lovely,admirable,-if anything excellent or on these things."Philippians 4:8 "Finally, whatever is true, nobel,right, pure,lovely,admirable,-if anything excellent or on these things."Philippians 4:8 It's a closed source commercial library. So far, it's shown me nothing The funky naming scheme is icing on the cake. Thank you for checking out NPWZ today!! $npwz no buying pressure Only 1 buyer whole day that bought more than 5k of shares Cant sustain b/o like that Thank you for the - have you tried the app yet? Please let us know what you think. GFGU don't buy under a penny :( lol lol lol Every motherfucker on the planet has praised what's about it. I'm adding some balance. looks like NPWZ is having a good day. I agree with you on GFGU and their decisions last week. I like GFGU, are you watching CBAI today? CBAI is exploding today. Did you check the volume on CBAI today? I can't even take my eyes away from what CBAI is doing today - it is ridiculous!!!! For laughs - you have to look at CBAI today!!! That might wake you up!! The volume is higher than I have ever seen on CBAI today. Cant even look at anything else. Looks like CBAI is opening their lab on Friday and everyone likes the sound of that. Have you been watching the volume on CBAI? Out of this world. Are you watching CBAI today? Looks like CBAI will have their lab open on Friday. Nice. Nice blog on CBAI last week - they had a nice money tv interview last week. Looks like lab will be open Friday. Yeah, I see that. Thanx. Did everyone see this video about CBAI possibly opening the lab on Friday?? That was fast... i don't buy bottom stocks what are you looking at this week? what about GFGU? I downloaded your app and now I am waiting for my debit card. Then what should I be able to do when it comes? Are you still looking at GFGU? Are you still on TTEG? What about CBAI? So, how do you feel about GFGU? is whatever seems difficult to a people"...interesting Nice video about the delusion of money!!! Check this video out -- The Day Trader - the Day Trading addict!! Check this video out -- How To Stimulate the Creative Process Check this video out -- Social Mention Tutorial Ezimerchant Professional 4.0.90.1: Ezimerchant Professional is a rather program that builds your o.. and your story is for far more than your courage in saying the word clitoris. what year is this, again?
shut up! I'm about to retire the denims lol harlem niggas b fly..pradas, mek denims, fresh cut. but dead broke. walkin around wit a metro card, a dutch & 2 condoms harlem niggas b fly..pradas, mek denims, fresh cut. but dead broke. walkin around wit a metro card, a dutch & 2 condoms Paper Denims// Burberry Burberry watch// Polo Black cologne// I AM OUT.... CATCH ME catch a nigga in Harlem w. A robin hat & no robin denims ? BYE BOYYY ! Added Shilpa denims for sale on Stardoll. Check it out at Its really fall like here in newyorkcity and i can honestly say im in love with it this weather calls for oversize sweaters and dark denims. 1: get u some Polo Purple Label Denims make em sag a lil 2:burberry boxers 3;Citylab Vneck black 4;Pair of Shell Toes 5;dark ceaser Added Rio denims for sale on Stardoll. Check it out at Added Everyday denims for sale on Stardoll. Check it out at Coming up this weekend during National Glamour Day: Take advantage of this offer and save 25% on all our denims! GOT DA BRAZY TRACK 5UITS KICKS & DENIMS CORREY CAME THRU DA OTHER DAY & 5WAGGED OUT WAS ON HIS THROW IT IN DA BAG SHIT. Speaking of gap I haven't been there in a while, they make some nice denims But shout out 2 apc...good monday...naked and famous..great Denims can u wear those denims to the joint next week.we want to see how they look,me myself got 2 pair of APCs from Hejfina 4 the low U STILL MAKIN UR PANTIES OUT UR OLD JEANS GNR TALKIN BOUT U FINNA A CLOTHIN LINE DENIMS" Watching the "beaver" makes me want to have a little boy so bad. Can't wait to dress him in dark denims w/ the cuff rollled up. kool. I need a good pair of denims. everyone needs a pair of cons, worn with a slim pair of Levis Japanese selvedge denims and graphic tees ;D hell yeah! Might get there denims as well My man Mike 100's said $200 denims I was thousand dollar tippin. I believe the 1st one, 2nd one not so much lol Amen to that Nuuuudieeeeeeees!!!!! Who up on Nudie? <-- best denims in the world and all I wanna buy! Nuuuudieeeeeeees!!!!! Who up on Nudie? <-- best denims in the world and all I wanna buy! rocking dior denims with gold zippers. My daughter thinks she got on antik denims..... Too cute When Niggas Use To Shake? It Was Only Right You Had On A 5XL Size 38 Denims, And A Size 7 7/8 Or Size 8 Fitted 10,000 Dollars Stuff Up In My Denims I just bought RIO chain belt, Popstar denims, Rio hand bag, Rio bag on Stardoll. Check out my Suite! feeling qt week this evng! gotto go buy some denims too... Added Rio denims for sale on Stardoll. Check it out at My man was in a car accident lls...this is his good side with the paper denims on...lls I'm dumb bummy rii now, people looking at me funny. Not knowing I got a room full of shoes, shades, and hard denims....lol I'm grinding Ppl! Bunch of stretch marks when she took her denims off The first time my denims are actually waist high, no bagginess tonight.. I feel like I'm in the twilight zone right now dudes who rock denims with designs on the pockets need to LOL, for the outfit its quite simple, denims and black top but pretty ;) Well... I hope so lol Please Explain the Supply of Health Services in Pharmaceuticals ...: Denims T asked: The supply of healthcare g.. im in love with these Polo denims....I've got a dark and a light washed pair now....I want at least 2 more well one day it was my fault .. I threw on really denims IT WAS A HOT DAY ! I wanted to get some light wash colored denims cuz all the ones I have are dark premiums soooo I walked out with a pair of denims.....what just happened here? Added Capri denims for sale on Stardoll. Check it out at Obsessed with destroyed denims :))) With those arse-hugging denims and the hat. Oh the *hat*. I might need a moment here. All decked up and set to leave home in my and denims! Thotally not feeling D&G this season. I'm not a big fan of too many blue denim. It reminds me of britney and justin's matchy denims. here ya go! DIY bleached destroyed denims! btr styled w/ a longer tee & access!
Harper disavows colonialism and the media keeps in step: If you can't figure out why the right disavows reality w/ a truly moderate president like Obama, here's a hint: Rhymes with mace-ism Alinsky. disavows zealots left/right. No wonder the wingnuts hate him. lol // even as they openly use his techniques EDITORIAL: Obama disavows American power|In his first address to the United Nations General Assembly, President .. EDITORIAL: Obama disavows American power: Since there has been no return to hard money or sound banking practic.. EDITORIAL: Obama disavows American power - Las Vegas Review - Journal This just into Trev via private message: "Jimmy the Notable needs to be naked." Trev neither endorses nor disavows the sentiment of this msg GOP Straw Poll Favors Penry, McInnis Disavows | State Bill ...: At Keystone on Friday night, Rep.. Politics: GOP Straw Poll Favors Penry, McInnis Disavows: After Keystone on Friday night.. Politics: GOP Straw Poll Favors Penry, McInnis Disavows: After Keystone on Friday night.. Legion of Doom(UN) disavows all Iranian Antisemitism! (Not!) problem with onticology as far as I see it is that it disavows the cut introduced by logos between the ontic and the ontological (parallax) Bay Buzz: Kendrick Meek disavows Vel Thompson flier Kendrick Meek disavows Vel Thompson flier - Bay Buzz: Kendrick Meek disavows Vel Thompson flier BREAKING: NEA disavows conference call with organizations. Says NEA spokesperson involved acted without authority. Sending good vibes & strength to John Travolta. So happy he acknowledged his son's autism even though Scientology disavows it. Stay strong! French gov disavows own earlier study promoting abstinence. Now says "moderate" drinking may have "positive aspects".
Flourescent lights are blah. Can't GE make a flourescent bulb with the emittance of their Reveal line? Energy-efficient never looked so bad.
Thinking about scanning and posting each typewritten page of my first draft. Would this be pretentious and b) is it still cool? Woman follows mysterious note in treasure hunt: The typewritten note detailed a Springfield location where the .. Google Docs can now perform character recognition (OCR) on typewritten or printed text: Google Docs can now perform character recognition (OCR) on typewritten or printed text: Google Docs can now perform character recognition (OCR) on typewritten or printed text: Google Docs can now perform character recognition (OCR) on typewritten or printed text: Google Docs can now perform character recognition (OCR) on typewritten or printed text: I could pass ;D and stars! <3 But you are insane. =] I love you. chocolate chip sandwiches? really? stars installing photoshop for mum chocolate chip sandwiches sun = contentement pour christie YOU AREN'T OLD ENOUGH no flo at bdo but the decemberists instead After listening to your Annabel Lee, singing, & imaginary button, I can now hear ur voice saying ur typewritten words! Wow! entering a long, typewritten, rambly column from a 96yo freelancer. Yes, wow that she's still doing it, but still ... rambly. >_> OH MY GOSH.. i swear i just hopped on twitter to type something about missing 11:11 when it hit the clock ;O we think alike! damn, it was just 12:12, maybe that counts for something 12:10 already. if it were 11:11 i could wish for time to go backwards, then this problem would be solved. doubly But I think your singing is a wonder. I hope you can find a copy though. I want you to hear your feedback. But I can't send you a softcopy since typewritten pa 'yun my tumblr cloud is filled with lots of cutesy words Photo: Ordered by most used (make your own):love little words happy wonderful hair people time life look... almost tweeted to That's why I love reading <3 i love when i forget this world exists The AGS Guidance System) that the LM used has a program memory the size of 1 neatly typewritten page, front and back. Please don't send me your typewritten anti-semitic screeds in the post. Not interested. "Scribbled secret notebooks, and wild typewritten pages, for yr own joy " put some photos on flickr, cookie boy hey look, the time is mirrored rambling and ranting and raving and save me please sleeping and screaming and spending, undoing knots, tying them tighter milk and cookies, growing pains and destiny and photography Yes Please!
LOLing enthusing abt Birmingham. transplants, Cancer research, MercedesPlant & "1st Chick-Fil-A experience" Love it Got my coworker hooked on Jackson Pearce's As You Wish by enthusing about it. A quick read, frothy fun! accepting, enjoying, enthusing! Boy is enthusing over BDO lineup. Oh dear. What are people's opinions on Kevin McCloud? I think he's great! His presenting style is so enthusing (is that a word?) Investors drool over Zimbabwe: Many investment specialists can't stop enthusing about Zimbabwe, the world's "ch.. Sign of a good wedding: you're enthusing the rise of Android phones and laughing at the iPhone owner's continual lack of signal i Sign of a good wedding: you're enthusing the rise of Android phones and laughing at the iPhone owner's continual lack of signal issues dreamt of enthusing about Shakespeare's witches in the entrance to Sainsburys, next to a graveyard which was also a film set. dreamt of enthusing about Shakespeare's witches in the entrance to Sainsburys, next to a graveyard which was also a film set. that is really brilliant. I teach on a public archaeology course and this is such a great example of enthusing people. Ben from the wonderful Duckrabbit enthusing about the ability of photography to connect different peoples Trying to find jacket for my 17 year old son... He's tried on about 50 odd now... I'm getting desperate... enthusing about anything! Cute college couple on date-- He enthusing over his zombie war games, she countering with the offer of a tarot reading. My Mum was enthusing about New Tricks today. Sounds like you've done a good job. Gem, I have my freelance friend Michael to you, he was enthusing about the shop last night and seems to go regularly! Trivia question composition is surprisingly enthusing at present. Perhaps the dead of night really is the best time for such tasks. I am actually enthusing! I rather think I need to get this whole geeking-out-over-geology thing out of my system; enthusing to a mine town will only result in tears. Science enthusing at its best from the BBC Call To in The Big Bang Fair. Promoting your business and enthusing the next generation of young scientists. inspire? I'm not. He's not enthusing me. Coloured version isn't very enthusing. Just green foreground & background. Will upload it when home. And thank you :) Noriko Sakai was arrested. But Rather than enthusing about criminal bashing, media should emphasize the need for the eradication of drugs!
I reliable saw a bathing suit and lingerie betoken at sky bar. Do you like lingerie ? If so which black mark ? taping show this afternoon with francisco costa as regards Calvin Klein. he is said a talent- betoken airs may 1 Those planets that do betoken men and fierce warriors, Sun and Mars were surely afflicted. And dour Saturn played his Sorry to read it. I hope it's just a temporary lowering of your spirit, and doesn't betoken anything lasting. The shadow of despair looms large in the serene skyline as dawn and dusk both betoken untold dread ...
sequins are awesom!! I saw these lovely silver sequined ballet pumps but there wasn't a pair in my size... :( i really want a sequined blazer and a military jacket! i saw some amazing ones in new look but they were well expensive! :(
I can't say I foresee RAW next week being any better, The product is getting overbearingly stale and overexposed. 2 PPVs in 1 month again! loving my little fuzzy boots, even the days where he is overbearingly annoying Young love is so cute. Yet so overbearingly sweet for my tastebuds. Heh.
NICE! Sandhill Venable Elem in Asheville was highlighted on O'Reilly Factor on what not 2 do! Obama worship! Can't believe it!! Newstead Working Fire- 7023 Sandhill Rd- Newstead 9 working barn fire w/exposure problems What else, drinking wine (Sandhill Merlot). Oh sure, I should go to the Home & School Assoc. mtg but I think instead I'll go have a bath. Registration open for docent-led sandhill crane wetlands tours Registration open for docent-led sandhill crane wetlands tours Snowy Owl Blacksod MAyo; Buff-bellied Pipit Foula Shetland; King Eider Cut End Lincs; Sandhill Crane Registration open for docent-led sandhill crane wetlands tours Registration open for docent-led sandhill crane wetlands tours AT: 9/29/2009 3:01 PM TRAFFIC ACCIDENT AT 8800 SANDHILL CT./RANGER: POLICE RECEIVED OF EPPD) Registration open for docent-led sandhill crane wetlands tours Sandhill group on what is the right time to sell your company - (via Snowy Owl Blacksod MAyo; Buff-bellied Pipit Foula Shetland; King Eider Cut End Lincs; Sandhill Crane - last seen Kildary Highland; Very confident Sandhill Cranes were raising young in popular Michigan park Sandhill group on what is the right time to sell your company - Did Buncombe County's Sandhill-Venable Elementary School 'indoctrinate' young students? Sandhill cranes on the estuary. Sandhill Crane on the move, heading South. It's bound for Sussex, I know it.... Beautiful: Sandhill Crane landing at Creamer's FIeld in Fairbanks - Tracking the UK Sandhill Crane as it flies south: (please keep flying south!) USC's Healthy Carolina Farmers Market going on now. If you can't make it today, The Sandhill Farmers Market... Very confident Sandhill Cranes raising young in popular Michigan park Very confident Sandhill Cranes were raising young in popular Michigan park Wish I could get a decent photo of the Sandhill cranes in the field across the street. Imagine about 20 of these: New Sandhill Crane canvas giclee prints It's so hot here even the sandhill cranes need to rest in the shade The Sandhill cranes at Save Our Seabirds now have a twitter page! We will try and keep you updated to our situation. As if it weren't crazy enough here, there's 40 mph wind gusts, 20mph sustained winds, and sandhill cranes thugging around. Sandhill cranes Sat. aft., sailing so high ovr Paonia CO they wr just specks. But haunting warbles could still B hrd ... Dozens of sandhill cranes Sat. aft., sailing so high over Paonia CO they were just specks. But haunting warbles could still be heard ... just before sundown, heard & saw 394 Sandhill Cranes migrating south over Greenlee Preserve, Co. Last evening, just before sundown, heard & saw 394 Sandhill Cranes migrating south over Greenlee Preserve, Co. 394 Sandhill Cranes - must've been wonderful to see. Our pair of sandhill cranes came to visit our porch this morning. They kept squacking and shaking their feathers at me & the cats. LOL Yesterday evening, just before sundown, Hannah and I heard and saw 394 Sandhill Cranes migrating south over Greenlee Preserve, Colorado. Sandhill Crane, South Ron Been wet and windy in Orkney. Calm at present. High winds brought a number of rare birds this way, including a Sandhill Crane. 3rd UK record Having a chilled morning on Orkney after seeing the Sandhill Crane yesterday! Enjoying a bottle of Sandhill Gamay w some roast chicken, a bit hot, but great fruit of black cherry and blk berry. Good night to stay in. thanks alot im happy to be back too...thats a sandhill? do we run that? lol Brown/Isabelline Shrike Lizard Cornwall; Taiga Flycatcher Fetlar Shetland; Sandhill Crane South Ron Orkney; 2 dozen sandhill cranes flying south overhead. Yay for boys who like raspberries on their cheesecake. :) <3 Sandhill berries. Very confident Sandhill Cranes were raising young in popular Michigan park Very confident Sandhill Cranes were raising young in popular Michigan park got back from Orkney sandhill crane twitch 6am this morning. Completly worn out, need bed and food. What is a sandhill crane doing on the UK's Orkney Islands? Getting a lot of attention for sure: "Muhammad halted on a sandhill and divided the booty Allah had given him. They congratulated him on the victory Allah had granted... "there were mad heads at sandhill." -steve, high. lmfao.
this be very true. granted, i wouldn't put it past clint either. :P Misses Clint :( Clint would be just as rad as Mammoth if he would shut up about me tweeting. :P so the gorillaz had that song clint eastwood and it's kinda stuck in my head because of my awesome friends :P no i don't wanna be mean :D really?? Oh Riley I'm sooooo very sorry. :( God Bless you, your family, Clint and his family. xoxo Man Mark Hamill is getting old. Almost sad to see, like Clint Eastwood these days. All my heroes are now old tired men :( heyy clint get on im if u want 2 talk ill b on 4 a lil longer :( Can I just say I'm still super depressed about Jack Daniels leaving NASCAR. I have Dave Blaney, Clint Bowyer, and Mears merch. :( yo a link back for the Codex news would be appreciated! I dug that info :(
Thanks. The Adriatic is really beautiful. I like the second one because I spent a lot of time in the Adriatic! brings back memories! dubrovnik in black & white? but the adriatic is so so blue... really enjoyed swimming in the adriatic sea today. omw, Adriatic sea, Mediterranean Sea, thru Gibraltar (British bastards still got it) and goodbye Europe Adriatic by Lanterna I love adriatic sea Come to "CroatiaFest" Sunday, October 4 from 12:00 pm to 8:00 pm. Explore the "Jewel of the Adriatic" at... Estoy viendo Il Divo at the roman coliseum situated on the coast of the adriatic sea in Puia,Croatia. eastern europe is pretty great. swam in the adriatic in Pula, Croatia this morning. Just dipped my toes in the Adriatic for the first time! Next mission: eliminate tanlines!!! Ok so its the adriatic sea ( i googled ) Adriatic Sea Adriatic Sea. adriatic beautiful mountain biking & adventure footage: Alps & Adriatic trip, Slovenia & Croatia beautiful mountain biking & adventure footage - Alps & Adriatic trip, Slovenia & Croatia - beautiful mountain biking & adventure footage - Alps & Adriatic trip, Slovenia & Croatia - beautiful mountain biking & adventure footage - Alps & Adriatic trip, Slovenia & Croatia - Got a cool aqua-vlog coming tomorrow - but until then enjoy this fine view from Dubrovnik out into the Adriatic... Sitting at Adriatic Grill waiting for my new and better life to begin! - nordica dinner! I had seared tuna from the adriatic sea!! $iez41.20bought more todayjust back from the adriatic coast 13 KARNDEAN MICHELANGELO VINYL TILES ADRIATIC BLUE 13 KARNDEAN MICHELANGELO VINYL TILES ADRIATIC BLUE 13 KARNDEAN MICHELANGELO VINYL TILES ADRIATIC BLUE 13 KARNDEAN MICHELANGELO VINYL TILES ADRIATIC BLUE 13 KARNDEAN MICHELANGELO VINYL TILES ADRIATIC BLUE Albania, Albania, you border on the Adriatic! Your land is mostly mountainous, and your chief is chrome! Recalling a great seafood dinner in the garden of an osteria overlooking the wine dark Adriatic sea and a traboccho covered in fairy lights I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Carnival dream sea trial in Adriatic sea It's sunny here in Slovenia on the Adriatic - watching the sun set across the bay. Good to hear ScoutsSpeakUp went well @ Brighton enjoy on adriatic sea Nothing changes then, In the adriatic in 1998 we could talk to ships in the gulf but not to other units around the med. packing up to head back home after three weeks in beautiful Croatia for JS09 - Need to come back for some diving in the Adriatic sometime... Do not miss the ACMT Fall 2009 BBQ!! Make sure you join us this Sunday, September 27th, at hotel Adriatic Lapad... Missing the Adriatic coast :(especially Krka national park-definitely one of the world's natural wonders & why we MUST combat climate change Visit Montenegro's 'Bride of the Adriatic', Boka Kotorska Bay , Montenegro Visit The 'Jewel of the Adriatic' - Korcula Island , Missing the adriatic coast :( especially Krka national park-definitely one of the world's natural wonders & why we MUST stop climate change! Off yacht this morning, ferry across the Adriatic to Ancona, then train to Lugano, Switzerland. Saturday afternoons the have live celtic music at Marinos Adriatic If you like good and need a new in go to Marinos Adriatic Cafe Now Playing: Krivi - Adriatic (BPM:100 - Harmonics at 100.0%) Montenegro is more than just beaches: The Bay of Kotor along the Adriatic coastline is a popular travel destina.. Good to know the 'Queen of the Adriatic' is gathering her own barmy army ... New Listing 3.0BR/2.0BA 6559 Adriatic Wy FL 33413 $194000 aparently, the pond called the adriatic is still warm enough to bathe in. too bad i'm in the alps, where the fog is now down to about 1000m.
<wtf>IBM paper on Performance & Scalability says not to use String catenation operator " =" (see p.25) ..
Dreamed Hitchens played staccato "Peanuts" music on a toy piano while complaining about mimeographed dispute essay, coffee.
Ich liebe Simon's Cat :D was cheating on history class. Im so sorry Mrs. Simon.. :p Hey Simon .. Long time no see / speak. Glad to see all is well in ur world. Airmiles city for you ;-) Off to Simon to see @ runningbrit & can't wait!! Wait. Why did she say "mr. Cowell" & Not. "Mr. Cowell" or.. "Cowell" Or "Simon" LMFAO? Simon Cabernet Sauvignon on Flickr - Photo Sharing! what, you mean 7th heaven Simon!!!! just played live on 3MBS FM Melbourne with Simon Tedeschi. Now at ABC Southbank to pre record with Emma Ayres, Classic FM, Mornings. dinner at simon and tonight with parents-in-law. then set up skype camera and headset at mom-in-law's house. and me so sleepy. PaulaAbdul: I'm pregnant, & Currently fucking Simon. LMFAO! OR, just arrived in London. Simon was actually waiting there for me (dot dot dot) hahaha(: he insist on me staying @ his house:O mom do i put a pic of a snowman or me and simon is 2 grumpy 4 a Simon Cowell may bring 'X Factor' to U.S. | Celebrities news ... hey Simon, you a football (soccer here) fan, and who do you YAY! Margo, please fill me in. Is she going to Simon's =) simon, xp y sl viviendo en armonia ! Just watching rick mercer on cbc, simon fraser university was in it! BC looks sooo beautiful!! is Simon's everything she's all hes every wanted...not gonna finsh the rest lol=) Simon END launch "I got a nikon camera, I love to take a photograph, So mama dont take my kodachrome away" Paul Simon was cheating on history class. Im so sorry Mrs. Simon.. :p my degree doesn't make me meet diamond fame, ima treat a nigga face like dat old simon game Right now Simon is singing sex....tomorrow he'll be singing best i ever had=)))) LMAO Simon Cowell writes letter to younger self, Adam already ...: strong>Simon Cowell, now 50 years old,.. is listening to "Me And Julio Down By The Schoolyard" by Paul Simon from "" it can even make simon cowell break down and cry Don't talk shit about my Simon or I will take facts and all other goods and shove it in your face. So you will stfu :) Simon Cowell - Our buddy hmm sounds like another Vh1 Reality Show....better get a producer...like Randy Jackson or Simon Cowel or Diddy...lol OMG DID YALL SEE ON HEY PAULA WHERE PAULA WAS LIKE ASLEEP AND THEN SHE HAD A BOOK WITH SIMON ON IT AND SHE WOKE UP AND SHE WENT aaaaaaaaa!!! OMG DID YALL SEE ON HEY PAULA WHERE PAULA WAS LIKE ASLEEP AND THEN SHE HAD A BOOK WITH SIMON ON IT AND SHE WOKE UP AND SHE WE aaaaaaaaaa!!! The Social Media Boomers Book Club on - A discussion of Simon Ford's social media book.| Simon Cowell writes letter to younger self, Adam already ... New video: Simon's 1st airsoft event 4 Are you going to Simon's this weekend? hoping some good music will get me through this presentation prep. paul simon, dylan, cat stevens.... hmmm imma try writing a haiku about simon and ....it's gonna be called My Love.... Screaming at the top of my lungs! My mom is soo cruel! I just finished my HW and she says. I have a surprise for you. MY SIMON BOOK :) YAY! Had weird NyQuil fueled dream, was Top Chef contestant on current season, challenge presented by Simon & Simon, brother detectives. Need to watch some youtube videos so I can learn how to do the stanky leg and simon says. Yes a need for the truly vain & plates are named appropriately like that old Carlie Simon song Your So Vain aboutex-James Taylor Remaining top 10-ers trying to qualify for London: ARod = 730; Jo-Willy = 1600; Davy = 1430; Nando = 500 (sweet!); Simon = 1450 As well, I guess, the Bible says precious little of ministry and death, Simon the Zealot's ministry and death, or Thaddaeus'.. She'd be luckier if Paula showed up. Simon would rip her up.... Ellen replacing Paula on AI .. Right on and good riddance! Its about time she was replaced by someone with character & can stand up 2 Simon Agreed! I would tap that! and Simon Cowell hehe he is hot hot HOT!
got to get on the Twitter site from safari and do it that way in settings Keychain and Safari Bookmarks (and Transmit sites) are the big ones for me. But really like most of the rest of MobileMe too. :\ My safari bookmarks and my iphone book marks are synced... it's kind-a annoying Finally Safari Stand AND SIMBL 64 bit safari! I can have quick search AND not worry about loose 80 tabs when flash plugin crashes. Finally found a use for Safari web clips. Put my GMail Task manager on my OS X Dashboard! Finally found a use for Safari web clips. Put my GMail Task manager on my OS X Dashboard! Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer: Chrome And Safari Are Rounding Errors <-- visit read and Heal... Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer: Chrome And Safari Are Rounding Errors Anyone else having problems w/ Safari 4 & cache? Anytime I make little updates it takes forever before Safari will actually show them. i have a mac and safari has decided to stop opening i downloaded firefox and can open it on there will encourage IE users to install the Google Chrome Frame or use FireFox, Safari or Chrome [via Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer: Chrome And Safari Are Rounding Errors Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer: Chrome And Safari Are Rounding Errors Just posted "Firefox fails at life. Private browsing on Safari FTW! Chrome is pretty cool too, :)" on Gah, I didn't change any setting on safari. In firefox change is like the difference between light to roman. In safari roman --> bold. Oh I meant the console WITHIN Safari's Developer Tools (and Firebug's too). It's great to have console access during a breakpoint. Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer: Chrome And Safari Are Rounding Errors Picasa for simple and for the tools. Ps for difficult. I prefer firefox, but safari us not bad You know you're addicted to FarmVille when: you have it in your bookmarks bar in safari
OK mistake on my it's an Opah aka "MOONFISH" not sunfish - Gah! I do that all the time!! LOL heading home and then off to Sunset House to battle the crocs or was it sunfish, ninja Hi Laura! Opah (aka Sunfish) is a firm fish, consistency similar to Tuna and holds up great on the grill. Local & affordable! after a sabbatical, i'm tonight and this weekend! sunfish tonight and my lover - the viper640 - on sunday! New truckload of Sunfish sailboats arriving the first of next week. GREAT incentives to purchase now. Lots of free gear now included. Six Bahamians set to sail in [Sunfish} Junior Worlds... depends on the fish you want to catch, i guess. it's easy to catch sunfish with crap for bait but they're not good eating. Just got dont fishing....I caught 4 Bass...and a few sunfish! Then the rain came! GRRRRRR...hate rain.... Blarg, Sunfish are terrifying. And ded. go away clouds!!! It's Sunfish sailing lesson number 2 today! Guided By Voices "Stabbing A Star" (Sunfish Holy Breakfast) Long Distance Sunfish/Laser Long Distance Challenge: The 1st ever Sunfish/Laser Long Distance Challenege was sa.. :O so I just registered your earlier tweet.... tell me why my Salamander&Sunfish STILL inhale water when blowing bubbles -.- Sunfish lake park video 40mph gusts Complete results of Terry McCoy Sunfish Memorial regatta Sunfish sailboat hull, agean blue (Ne Sunfish sailboat hull. In good shape. Needs rigging, sail, and.. Sunfish sailboat hull, agean blue (Ne Sunfish sailboat hull. In good shape. Needs rigging, sail, and.. Terry McCoy Sunfish regatta 2009: Jimmie Lowe wins with 7 pts, 2nd Donnie and 3rd Chris Sands both with 10 pts shu>Ye8A - A crappie is not a sunfish found in a toilet. New blog post: Mola Mola (The Ocean Sunfish) Oooh ocean sunfish :) then a 20cm sunfish it is. . . Terry McCoy Sunfish regatta: Jimmie Lowe 1st after 4 races, Donnie 2nd & Chris Sands 3rd. Two more races tomorrow! twitpic, or we'll all think you caught a 20cm sunfish Also, why is that guy doing to that poor sunfish in that video? NYC hosts the 2009 Sunfish World & Int'l Junior Championships in October ~ Press releases here Sail solo on Sunfish today. It was fun fun fun. I can't believe that one of the most bizarre fish in the world, sunfish a.k.a. Mola-mola is actually lives in Bali's ocean.from:AnimalPlanet Fishing Bait for Sunfish Wonderful dinner... Hawaiian sunfish with a champagne cream sauce.... So good And here I was, hoping to catch the big one. They say sunfish don't even count :( I have been craving sunfish on alki all week- I'm finally going! We're going to play hide and seek with mr. Oceanic sunfish! Nyaha! :) Thanks for the unusual sea creatures link. I got to see a mola (sunfish) earlier this year off california - was awesome! 5th cast . . . lure gets a little nudge . . . sunfish most likely . . . water beginning to show signs of evening life...splash 100yds away Hiking in the Delaware water gap recreational area on the Appalachian trail to Sunfish pond. Gotta say Backshift made me laugh; I also liked Sunfish, FerFer & Old Man Winter. Speculative email to Sunfish from a freelancer. It "Dear Sir/ Madam,". Huh? What about research? Isn't that a copywriting skill? I met a sea snake just 20 cm under my feet when I diving today. Totally shocked. Tomorrow I'll gonna see a SunFish yeah.so excited Fishing Bait for Sunfish sailing the sunfish = full victory! boat flipped 6 times, excellent work out, learned a lot! finally going to sail the sunfish! yay!!! On yesterday's 1:30 pm tour we saw lots of seals, and a sunfish so large that we thought it was a basking shark. Sunfish Worlds meeting tonight. Perhaps the last one before regatta...:-) Sunfish In An Aquarium Are Fun And Educational For Kids My co-worker saw two sunfish while fishing on the Oregon coast, so lucky! I've never seen one before...
- We have constructed a crankshaft out of sweet World, shudder with awe before our ingenuity! I can only assume that tweet was aimed towards me ;) How goes it over there? The gearbox and crankshaft are lining up nicely here ;) renault 21 turbo knife edge crankshaft SAVE $28.15 - 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 VW Beetle Golf Jetta Passat Crank Crankshaft Pulse Sensor 0261210147... Crank and SHAFT...crankshaft. Pepboys sure is taking a long time to finish up that crankshaft position sensor. I hope they didn't find anything wrong with my alternator! Stupid timing belt! Stupid crankshaft! Stupid spark plugs! Stupid head gasket! But haaay, finally got the car running. Hahaha. My dad's friend's 41 Oldsmobile had a failure of its crankshaft balancer at a car show this weekend. Yikes! This governs crankshaft RPM. Nick The Euphemism Generator "spraypainting the bald crankshaft." The Euphemism Generator "spraypainting the bald crankshaft." Tie rods and crankshaft position sensor ordered! I am just warming up and getting ready to go out and pound it down wherever I go as my crossplane crankshaft longs for love. - 2009 R1 ....I'll lube my own crankshaft! Lawn Mower (Acton): The blade came off of this lawn mower and I belive it needs a new crankshaft, which is out .. ...You must frame that ticket...it's like seeing Big foot...or the Loch Ness Monster...or was it CRANKSHAFT!!!!!! Gotta love a Hat Trick for Crankshaft!!!! no doubt! Douglas Murray? wow... good for him. Gotta love the Crankshaft... Insane OMFG. HAT TRICK for Douglas "Crankshaft" Murray. Sharks lead 5-0 with 17:18 left in the 3rd. OMFG. HAT TRICK for Douglas "Crankshaft" Murray. Sharks lead 5-0 with 17:18 left in the 3rd. Hat trick for Douglas Murray! ZOMG AMAZING!!!!!!! Go Crankshaft! Wow. Douglas Murray with a hat trick tonight! Yes, Douglas "crankshaft" Murray. Crankshaft! Whoo! A goal and he's wearing an A. its coming from above the crankshaft pulley every now and then my power string will lock up it gets worse when the engine the engine has.. For Sale: 454 chevy (rochester il) $1500: 60 over 468 , new crankshaft pistons resized r.. RPM did say the crankshaft was bad last week and they had more of the same cranks to run. = SO YA THINK THEY JUST KEEP USING Whose engine this time? I read that Kahne was switching back to the old engine b/c of the crankshaft problems on the new ones. And the crankshaft is the culprit YET AGAIN. Just awesome. RPM did say the crankshaft was bad last week and they had more of the same cranks to run. Crankshaft - always a funny word. <JJ> service call to replace retaining bolts on crankshaft mounted hydraulic pump on the T6020 boom mower cant they get it right at the factory Marine Engine Spare for SELL: We are providing repair and maintenance services for on site crankshaft grin.. check crankshaft and map sensors as well as ballast if sparks are good Kahne ditching new Dodge engine: After a crankshaft broke last Sunday at New Hampshire Motor Speedway, Richard .. Kahne ditching new Dodge engine: After a crankshaft broke last measuring crankshaft clearances. Ever so much fun. Kahne ditching new Dodge engine: After a crankshaft broke last Sunday at New Hampshire Motor Speedway, Richard P.. Huh. The final Crankshaft, then? Crankshaft BA 6 M816 NO: 6102411 Std Crankshaft BA 8 M 8 16 No.: 577.25.44 Crankshaft A8M 517 No.: 14 57 158 I guess this shows it's good to be a bit paranoid about your personal info (help identity theives from doing their thing). Call your Rep to make bills availble online 72 hours before they vote. Timing belt broke...yay for more money down the crankshaft...oooh no I just made a car joke, I bad one at that Bill Pink said "Crankshaft was a tickin time bomb".Good call to"hold their breath and cross fingers instead of fixing it?WTF I just found out about crankshaft comics...I am in love! Chongqing Mexin Crankshaft Mfg. Co., Ltd. Chirco on eBay - VW Bug Stock Size Solid Aluminum Crankshaft Pulley: US $23.95 (0 Bid) End Date:..
Agree!! What happened to unleashing Rahm? I thought he was to both be feared and loved. The Olympics are nice - but focus already. good that Obama is foused on thre 2016 Olympics.. what a bunch A Horrible Case of Tammany Hall Meets Jim Crow St. Tammany Escapee Pleads Guilty To Murder Getting ready then off to dinner at Tammany and then a movie, must be Tuesday! New Job Post! Crime Scene Technician, St. Tammany Parish, LA - File date not stated. Forgiveness: St. Tammany leaders headed to Washington to talk hurricane ... NY City's Tammany Hall meets Chicago's Daley Democratic political machine (Bing Bing) Life drawing: tonight from 9-11 in Tammany. All are welcome; bring your sketch pad and an appreciation for the human form! kind of like Christmas, huh? I don't see a problem with this. It's a countdown to see whether we get it, or we don't get it. Doesn't sway either way. hmmm. i find the IOC countdown clock on the Tribune Website an interesting hint, objectivity wise. St. Tammany leaders headed to Washington to talk hurricane ... St. Tammany Parish Jail escapee pleads to 2005 murder St. Tammany Parish Jail escapee pleads to 2005 murder: Eric Buras, one of the four men who escaped from the St... Shore leaders head to Washington DC: St. Tammany Parish President Kevin Davis, along with other Sho.. Shore leaders head to Washington DC: St. Tammany Parish President Kevin Davis, along with other Sho.. it's yummy. i don't know what the difference is, but i like it :) OK. What is Greek Just posted on ActiveRain: St. Tammany Parish Fair OCT 1 TMG Ronald Robinson will perform at St. Tammany Parish Fair in Covington LA 6PM - GO Davis in DC looking for forgiveness and cooperation: WWL First News St. Tammany Parish President Kevin Davis le.. St. Tammany Officials To Seek Loan Forgiveness In Washington St. Tammany leaders headed to Washington to talk hurricane ... retweet if u liked! St. Tammany [LA] leaders headed to Washington to talk hurricane protection, loan forgiveness St. Tammany leaders headed to Washington to talk hurricane ... Fall Preview: Festivals and Events : Festivals/Events St. Tammany Parish Fair The fair features 4-H agricu.. St. Tammany leaders headed to Washington to talk hurricane protection, loan forgiveness St. Tammany deputies using checkpoints to crack down on drunken drivers : An increase in arrests noted by police St. Tammany deputies using checkpoints to crack down on drunken drivers St. Tammany Parish jail loses power St. Tammany Parish jail loses power: The St. Tammany Parish jail lost power Monday afternoon and is running on .. posting, St. Tammany leaders headed to Washington to talk hurricane protection, loan forgiveness - ... St. Tammany leaders headed to Washington to talk hurricane protection, loan forgiveness St. Tammany leaders headed to Washington to talk hurricane protection, loan forgiveness St. Tammany leaders headed to Washington to talk hurricane protection, loan forgiveness: Several St. Tammany Pa.. Sip a soda, local public schools (St. Tammany News) The food bank in St. Tammany parish is putting on a dance to raise food donations. The dance seems super cool. News briefs: St. Tammany Parish District 9 Councilman Gene Bellisario has set Tuesday, for his next District 9 .. St. Tammany Fair celebrates 100 years of fun, education and ...: By Debbie Glover Celebrating 100 years of exis.. Now I can't see my lil cousin b4 he is shipped off to federal prison. St. Tammany Parish is a mofo! Fuck all em racist bitches...... Washington Redskins - single worst half of pro football in all recorded history. Great show @ Tammany Hall 2night. Thanks for rockin yer faces off w/us. See u at the next show! - Ash, Eddie, Josh, John & Brian ~One Chord~ out in prov at tammany hall Cheating Gay Boyfriend Detected in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana
Jim's cooking so we're eating whiskey tango tonight ya know, i HATE having to listen to huck finn for 3 hours! A LOT! but poor guy who had to read it all including jim's that sucks She working at Jim's Tacos or something like that Working on Jim's Steak House page for "Welcome to the Wedding." Not loving the wedding dress they picked for Pam & Jim's wedding: - that combined w/ Jim's visit to our show leads me to believe we're famous and shit. =DDD Jim's Deal of the Day is in Santa Fe, New Mexico. Sounds great now that fall has come to Toronto. Check it out: I Jim's baws! hahaha Oh man, I'm super jealous of all the Jim's Steaks you'll be free to consume now. It is nice to work with someone who actively tries to cheer you up when you're feeling grumpy. Jim's the best! Jim's cooking curry, and our smells amazing. Saag Aloo, get in ma belly! Child Fasts a Whole Month From Food & Water And Survives To Tell The Tale | Jim's Coffee Adventures hav a crush on jim's girlfriend in the third season of the office. show me love, come check me out LIVE this Thursday @ 9pm at Banjo Jim's in NYC! great music, great people...you should be there! amiles11: Jim's Big Burger is almost 30 years old. I'm going out there Thursday to talk with them about the com.. Michael and Sam Yoon will be Jim's guests on 'Broadside: The News with Jim Braude' tonight at 6pm.. And the eternal question: Pat's or Geno's? (Answer: They're both terrible, and so is Jim's. Tony Luke's is good; so is Cosmi's.) The live chat is almost over but if you want to hear more of Jim's insights visit the BigEasyBuzz Blog at is Ready for tonights STOUGHTON show 6-9pm Jim's Roadhouse II..!!!!!!!!LIVE IN WIOTA WI OCT. 10TH!!!!!! ... Hey NYC people! I'm playing Banjo Jim's tomorrow (Weds) at 9pm. It's FREE and they have cheap beer!! Everybody wins. Chatting with about collaborating on the blogging front... always enjoy Jim's take on the commodities world We get bill collectors for Jim's ex. They send stuff here and she never lived here...I always give them her address. Hey NYC people! I'm playing Banjo Jim's tomorrow (Weds) at 9pm. It's FREE and they have cheap beer!! Everybody wins. : Michael and Sam Yoon will be Jim's guests on 'Broadside: The News with Jim Braude' tonight at 6pm... Michael and Sam Yoon will be Jim's guests on 'Broadside: The News with Jim Braude' tonight at 6pm... Child Fasts a Whole Month From Food & Water And Survives To Tell The Tale | Jim's Coffee Adventures Somehow, I knew you'd come through on that one. ;) Better day today? Aside from People Touching Jim's Stuff? Sailing guide for Jim's Harbor Deli updated is Ready for tonights STOUGHTON show 6-9pm Jim's Roadhouse II..!!!!!!!!LIVE IN WIOTA WI OCT. 10TH!!!! ... Jim's Big Burger is almost 30 years old. I'm going out there Thursday to talk with them about the company's history, etc. Thank god! Finally got the first version of the "Hobo Jim's" website done, hopefully we can publish it soon~ Cycling with Jim. Loch Lomond, flat tyre for Jim, no spare tube unable to repair, taxi for me with Jim's bike..! you go figure..! I think I just witnessed one of Jim's teeth falling out. Read Jim's take on Miranda Revolution - Arpi & Jim's TOY STORY/TOY STORY 2 3D gets 10/10 from Comingsoon checking out Jim's vette Pam and Jim's Wedding info Can't wait for the next episodes of Office via Caught Deb and Jim's "Gamechangers - How to Thrive in Chaos" workshop presentation and transcript now available on Jim's blog - excellent thanks Jim! workshop presentation and transcript now available on Jim's blog Haha you must be in a league of idiots if JJ was around that late. I'm disappointed Lord Jim's Circus Chips didnt get him. I'm hopin' Jim's weather man is better than ours :) Sunny that's very optimistic !! Pychiatrist appointment today. Going to chill at Jim's for a bit afterwards while he plays online games with others c: I'll probably draw~ Andy - Jim's main pick of the week is the Spidey Clone Saga. As for me, I have to go with Umbrella Academy Vol. 2! I like CIncinnati. It has Jungle Jim's. 93:Jim's Big Ego|Ballad of Barry Allen. Prefer Wally & don't care for Johns, but this song's a guilty pleasure. Who's up for Biker Jim's? Visit a Jim's Formal Wear Retailer for the best selection of tuxedos and accessories for rent.
or Astroclocks for are now availble for free at my site (bottom) ranging 200 years! Download Software Planetary Ephemerides I'm a political scientist; so why am I reading about the manufacture of astronomical ephemerides?? Kuhn... that's why. :/
The next person who texts me an asks what I'm doing for my jazz transcriptioncwill die painfully, one hair follicle at a time.... I wish I could pull the hair by the follicle from my face... ugh... i HATE facial hair on of my face!<=I can I wish I could pull the hair by the follicle from my face... ugh... i HATE facial hair on of my face! FSH: Follicle Stimulation Hormone secreted by the pituitary gland causes the follicles ( in ovary) to grow. Know any FSH drugs? To prepare for treatments, do not wax or tweeze. Hair must be present in order for the laser to treat the hair and follicle. Boils on Body: Ingrown Hair Boils | Follicle | On Buttocks ... :) come on big follicle Ok nurse called. All clear to clomid tonight!!! Follicle depending. IUI should be at some point next week!!! I'm excited and scared Every follicle of hair is screaming. Boils on Body: Ingrown Hair Boils | Follicle | On Buttocks | Remedies: Remedies For Boils And Treatment For Boi.. Stay tuned as we explore stories of women who compulsively pull out their hair, chew on the follicle and floss their teeth with the hair. OMG YES THEN IT'S LIKE I HAVE TO REMEMBER HOW THE GRAPH LOOKS LIKE AND THE GRAAFIAN FOLLICLE SHIT. OK DNW MORE BIO LOL. Chin Hairs: If your friends are running around with embarrassing escapees from the follicle farm, tell them! The reason why hair turns gray as we age because the pigment cells in the hair follicle to die for producing melanin. Commercial diets take a heavy toll on dogs skin, salmon oil will help the sebaceous gland, which feeds the hair follicle. ESTRADIOL: steroid hormone produced by your follicle (ovary)--now a DRUG for Going natural? Chin Hairs: If your friends are running around with embarrassing escapees from the follicle farm, tell them! Click click the link unmarked I think women that say I shud cut my hair r jealous bcuz mine is down my bak. Psuedo follicle envy... smh Nioxin Follicle Booster helped one of our Facebook followers with restless leg syndrome...interesting!! Hair growth product face off: Nioxin Intensive Follicle Booster vs. Folligen Cream. Which worked to regrow thinning hair? Linda is jealous of my sweet ability to not grow leg hair. She's drinking follicle hatorade. U stupid. Lol will collect ur hair follicle Plucky plucky! If you keep on doing it then the hair follicle will get smaller and smaller until it dissapears. =] a sty is an eyelash follicle infection. GRAAFIAN FOLLICLE WHAT AH? introducing my new folding bike: follicle greeny jinxy! Thx to adit for the damn cool name! Back to the baby way: After the follicle scan the doctor said I should give myself an Ovidrel shot - to increase and speed up ovulation. I took a drug called clomid from day 5 thru 9 of my female cycle. On CD (cycle day) 11 I had a follicle scan to see how big my eggs were. How far back does a hair follicle drug screen go? - Yahoo! Answers Another reason to keep a clean shave. Chin Hairs: If your friends are running around with embarrassing escapees from the follicle farm, tell them! Mystery phrase is HU-AN CHORIONIC GONADOTROPIN. Clue: follicle-stimulating hormone. Mystery phrase is H--AN CHORIONIC GONADOTROPIN. Clue: follicle-stimulating hormone. Mystery phrase is H--AN CHORIONI- GONADOTROPIN. Clue: follicle-stimulating hormone. Mystery phrase is H--AN CHORIONI- GO-ADOTROPIN. Clue: follicle-stimulating hormone. Mystery phrase is H--AN CHORIONI- G--ADOTROPIN. Clue: follicle-stimulating hormone. Mystery phrase is H--AN CHORION-- G--ADOTRO-IN. Clue: follicle-stimulating hormone. Mystery phrase is ---AN CHORION-- ---ADOTRO-IN. Clue: follicle-stimulating hormone. Mystery phrase is ---AN CH-RION-- ---A-OTRO-IN. Clue: follicle-stimulating hormone. Mystery phrase is ---AN CH-R-ON-- -----OTRO-IN. Clue: follicle-stimulating hormone. Mystery phrase is ---AN CH---ON-- -----O--O-IN. Clue: follicle-stimulating hormone. Mystery phrase is ---AN C----O--- -----O--O-I-. Clue: follicle-stimulating hormone. Mystery phrase is ----N C----O--- -----O------. Clue: follicle-stimulating hormone. Why are there multiple treatments for Laser Hair Removal? Hair grows in 3 different stages and each follicle grows at a different pace. It will actually be my 5th IUI although I don't really count the first two (only 1 follicle each) Hair Follicle test in 6 days...how do I pass?: I am a 21yo with pin straight hair & I smoke every month about 1.. Hair Follicle test in 6 days...how do I pass?: I am a 21yo with pin straight h.. go for it it will grow back, well for those who aren't hair follicle challenged like me! Chin Hairs: If yr friends R running arnd w/embarrassing escapees from the follicle farm-tell them! (via Chin Hairs: If your friends are running around with embarrassing escapees from the follicle farm, tell them!
our scholarship recipients each received a special journal to be their "dream book" yesterday to excitably envision their life goals pmsl! Holy crap so I have!!!!! I've gone from non sociable to highly excitably socialable in 24 hrs! Where u been..pub?!
*surprised and relieved that he didn't even bat an eyelash* Sure. *gets the number from his backpack and gives it to him* yeah it's some creepy eyelash-growing drug that i had to watch an ad for three times during HIMYM There's an eyelash in my eye that I can't get out...I give up :( I didn't even bat an eyelash when I read that. So true *dies* Neffe might need to get her tubes tied & maybe an eyelash intervention. shuuuttttt up! Neffe might need to get her tubes tied & maybe an eyelash intervention. is that an eyelash? and a stupid eyelash got stuck in my eye when i had my contacts in. OOWWWWW!! I need a new eyelash curler. eyelash in my eye=no bueno =( Molly Sims Spoofs Eyelash Commercial Latisse ads freak me out, who's eyelashes are so inadequate that they need some bizarre eyelash drug? In an over-enthusiastic moment with the eyelash curler, have managed to leave myself with a bald patch. Do eyelashes grow back?? eyelash extensions. Yay how in the F did u get an eyelash in there??? eyelash in my eye :| Have you seen the eyelash med commercial take-off on I laughed so hard I cried my mascara off. Reaching Weight Loss Goals without Batting an Eyelash Naaahhh ..... "now there's a fucking eyelash-growing medication? jesus h. christ." now there's a fucking eyelash-growing medication? jesus h. christ. //you know you wanna try it with your theraflu! now there's a fucking eyelash-growing medication?>>side effects include: dry mouth, nausea, anal leakage, seizures... now there's a fucking eyelash-growing medication? jesus h. christ. I live for the Brooke Sheilds Latisse eyelash commercial. Yassss, her face makes my whole day. yes its true I'm very skilled but not even a great master like myself can get this rebellious bitch of an eyelash Its annoying!! Sometimes I think there's a 1 or an I but its really that damn eyelash! And there's dust in there too! :-( eeeeeeeeeewwwww theres an eyelash in it! ahahha. best insider of the week! ... All for an f'n eyelash?? WOMEN! Okay okay you got me, its on my f'n blackberry okay? It leaves it a tiny bit open and now I have an eyelash floating around on my screen lol -- I said Motley CURE!!!! That's what happens when I try to tweet with only one of two false eyelash strips applied to my face. Reaching Weight Loss Goals without Batting an Eyelash hulu's only commercials: trojan condoms & latisse: the prescription eyelash enhancer. that a human eyelash only last 150 days i freaking pulled out my eyelash:( ROFL at this video on eyelash product spoof - hysterical! When I heard the cautions for the actual product I was stunned! ROFL at this video on eyelash product spoof - hysterical! When I heard the cautions for the actual product I was stunned! ROFL at this video on eyelash product spoof - hysterical! When I heard the cautions for the actual product I was stunned! the only of my body im givin away is ma hair. mayb an eyelash if im feelin generus All men are afraid of eyelash curlers. I sleep with one under my pillow, instead of a gun. lmfao 2 the eyelash story I can't believe it. Its only $2.16. And where was her eyelashes I really do hate how many times in my life that I have bought god damn eyelash curlers lol I think I have an eyelash on my eyeball. It's causing severe annoyance. Grrrrrrrrr. That scares me very very much. Aren't there crazy warnings about your eyes on regular hair perm boxes? Eyelash perm = no. Got an eyelash in my eye. Ouchies :( An eyelash that was in my eye bugging me for the past 5 min has jus mysteriously disappeared! B| couldnt agree more! im an eyelash commercial fan club. you in? Attention San Diego County spa goers!!! Pure Fiji services and the return of eyelash extensions!!! OMG my spa is bringing back eyelash extensions!!!!!
140 characters IS restricting, yeah. ...restricting me because we aren't on the same level (guitar-wise). I hope I didn't sound arrogant or anything there, wasn't trying to be. if he was ur boo u could ask him but "if" he does i will b servin u ur papers restricting ur access 2 tha bldg Restricting Philip K. Dick to my daytime reading may have been a very good idea. My brain is actually crawling from the crazy. PP could use your right now. The healthcare debate (inevitably) is coming down to restricting rights. A state judge has blocked implementation of key of a new Arizona law restricting more at First day of restricting my work time by taking half days taking more days off last week.) Must resist work-from-home temptation. I'm trying to get anything I got to say out of my head now because I am restricting my social website usage to once a day. In Arizona, unelected judge blocks enforcement of laws restricting (such as 24 hr.waiting period) Watch: Trans fat regulations: Tanya Beja on new regulations restricting trans fats in restaurants (Runs 1:57) State judge blocks enforcement of key of new Arizona law restricting I'm about to change my username. I think the "206" is restricting me, making me too local. A state judge has blocked the enforcement of key of new Arizona law restricting A state judge has blocked the enforcement of key of new Arizona law restricting A state judge has blocked the enforcement of key of new Arizona law restricting - A state judge has blocked the enforcement of key of new Arizona law restricting A state judge has blocked the enforcement of key of new Arizona law restricting State judge blocks enforcement of key of new Arizona law restricting is that honestly restricting for you? State judge blocks enforcement of key of new Arizona law restricting State judge blocks enforcement of key of new Arizona law restricting I'm restricting my tweets! More Local Hospitals Restricting Younger Visitors: More Triad hospitals have implemented rules limiting visitat.. More Local Hospitals Restricting Younger Visitors: More Triad hospitals have implemented rules limiting visitat.. NOAA staff in Samoa are 14 dead on Tutuila, govt. buildings flooded on 1st fl, debris restricting road access, boats "missing" There is a difference between restricting types of conversations and banning all conversation im actually sat in my room, ON MY BED, with my laptop, without a restricting internet blue cord attached. 'APPY DAYZZZ provisioning/giving/helping, vs. restricting/enforcing/policing. The struggle of being a CollegeWebGuy/Gal More Local Hospitals Restricting Younger Visitors More Local Hospitals Restricting Younger Visitors Is restricting DTC ads a good idea for newer drugs? If your purpose is to make a positive impact on humanity, does restricting communication help? today's the of a new day right? i gotta find a new sense of motivation. restricting today. Sysadmins cause security problems by restricting downloads because of a perceived threat. It's not the download, it's a bad download. Duh! PSA .In light of resent events I am restricting the amount of B.S i am willing to take from men and woman. life is so are friendship. Or I would try out Cornerstone if the server wasn't restricting me to 7 KB / second downloads. S-L-O-W. After restricting myself to my acoustic and old electric guitar, re-acknowledging the existence of my newest and prettiest guitar is awesome WFUBMC, Lexington Memorial Hospital and Novant announced today that they will begin restricting visitors under 18. will dooo :P as if mums restricting my laptop to like an hourrr ! D: Restricting Innovation is Indian Patients: USIBC opines Story: Join India Business Network Aww really? As long as it's not too restricting then that's ok, but I think you eat super healthy anyway (and you're beautiful!) HMC restricting visitation - Georgian : Re last tweet. This not political - I was teaching before 1997. The National Curriculum was at that time very restricting. Coke or Coking on Mechanical Seals - By Mechanical-Seals.net ...: Restricting the free movement of a mechanical.. Happy Tuesday pls contact me @ with any concerns about Magic Jack restricting calls to free conf call Looks like the Washington Post is restricting tweets a bit more: WDEL News: Fed appeals rejects request from Delaware officials for a rehearing on ruling restricting state's betting lottery. Looks like the Washington Post is restricting tweets a bit more: losing weight without restricting yourself from eating a lot.
Reading: How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web by (via that you need to be XD No, I knew my odds would skyrocket from that one factor, but it was still shocking. XD Reading: How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web by How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web - (by Reading: How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web by I think 's album is going to skyrocket to the top of the billboard this dude got a voice n his mind has great ideas. How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web - (by You Have The Right Now, Right Here, With A Company By D. Trump That Is About To SkyRocket Reading: How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web by Reading: How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web by You have an right now, right here (with The Trump Network) to skyrocket to financial freedom. Reading: How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web by Learn how to skyrocket your career using the web via How is it so far? Do u recommend? Reading:How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web by Reading: How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web by Great post! Reading: How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web by Reading: How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web by New blog post: How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web I'm about to skyrocket into the land of uber mellowness :-D How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web Re: Is the site dying a little?: I agree with Surloc. I think the number of posts will skyrocket come relea.. All the humble cats like ME,@jam416,@jraguilar87 &@onetyme, could have our own show like rating would skyrocket thru the roof! All the humble cats like ME,@jam416,@jraguilar &@onetyme, could have our own show like rating would skyrocket thru the roof! Kristin is just the type that I wanna see somebody beat her ass. I swear the ratings will skyrocket. anarose12: Cut Your Costs to ZERO! Skyrocket Your Sales By Over 700%, Using Our 1 Click Traffic Machine ... Govt spending not a problem? Will be when interest rates skyrocket and you're ARM expires. And if you don't book out the odds of you getting an audition skyrocket!! I cannot tell you how many times this happens! How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web (loved this) You have an right now, right here (with The Trump Network) to skyrocket to financial freedom. How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web - P.S. - I'm STOKED that I'll be helping you skyrocket to big things!! 4 Ways to Build a List and Skyrocket Your Internet Success - You have an right now, right here (with The Trump Network) to skyrocket to financial freedom. Nu SocialMediatoday: How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web today's family values are shot to sh!t - ratings shouldn't skyrocket b/c hus&wife are fighting and kids get caught in the middle Besides, my wife's medical bills are going to skyrocket leaving me unable to afford to run blogsandpoetry or any other site for that matter. The Busy Persons Fitness Solution.: The Weight Loss System That Will Get You Motivated, Skyrocket Energy Levels.. How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web (loved this) How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web You Have That Right Now, Right Here, With A Company About To Skyrocket To Over $1B in sales.. How to Skyrocket Your Career Using the Social Web You Have The Right Now, Right Here, With A Company By D. Trump That Is About To SkyRocket You Have That Right Now, Right Here, With A Company About To Skyrocket To Over $1B in sales.. Obama Gloats: Energy Prices Will Skyrocket Under Cap & Trade via The Billionaire's new Network has The Right Now, A Company About To Skyrocket To Over $1B in sales.TIMING! Census Bureau: Ohio Rates Skyrocket - Cleveland News - Fox 8: Welfare costs skyrocket. Rector Heritage Foundation - Jim Pfaff Show
Anyone interested in a The Sylph read-along book club salon of thing? Let me know! A female acquaintance of mine, who isn't exactly sylph-like, appeared on BBC Radio London on S.. Top Ten Tips To Sell Your The Habit Change Cheatsheet: 29 Ways to Successfully Ingrain a Behavior Awesome! Did you know that Georgiana Duchess of Devonshire wrote books? Very curious to read 'The Sylph'! Ha! CVA and Sylph shall fall upon Dominion! Who's gonna defend their beacons? A bunch of bears? Ha! Free trip to Maui, Oahu, Kauai, or Hawaii's Big Island? I'll take any one, Just got car back from PG Glass In Greent Point! Damn impressed at service! Car looks sylph like with new tint...ready for the summer sun! Exhausted and ready for bed, I've learned a dear friend had fallen ill. Suddenly I coursed with healing energy which I'm sending his way. Welcome to Twitter! Check out Susan's amazing penlights at Love her vision! Here's the link to online guide for the 2009 Open Studios. Find me at Mason during the Second... Check for details on the Preview Gala & Open Studios dates and times. Cause for celebration: I'm delighted my Discovery image made the cover of 2009 Open Studios Catalog! I used Shazam to discover Right Here Right Now by Fatboy Slim Coffee Bar: comfy sofas, groovy tunes, rockin' java and just-delivered French pastries. I love the Mission! Oh I did not mention who i meet, there was a Sylph named Feather she seemed enthralled by my phone..she was cute though. The hans christian andersen version of little mermaid. Not disney. Tentative working title: undine and sylph Fantastic! Melon salad, margherita pizza, two pastas...little green balls of death (brussel sprouts), wine! At Flour Water in the Mission. It's going to be yummy! A superstar pitted against a Broadway genius, a sylph & a witch discovers his worst enemy is his perfect Twitter Residual Income : I used Shazam to discover I Gotta Feeling by The Black Eyed Peas
Listening to our 4yr old sing beyonce's single ladies she's actually doing pretty good. Our 3yr old is now joying in. Gona be a fun night. Try to getting my to joying uni. ;( Thank you indeed. I am forever grateful, looking forward to joying with you when the day appears. Hey guys,.Im Stunnin.g Black,I .know ho.w to ma.k.e men happy,I love being watched as Im en.joying my.self. Giving Thanks & Praises for another Blessed evening. In-joying time with my Empress and Princess. Give Thanks for L ... can i joying u? Lol back in dk, and joying my new kitchen ;) Good morning!joying the week! ~Joying the cooler temps today. ... eating fishsticks and en joying the air from outside I hate porn bots for their terrible punctuation: "Hey gu.ys,,I know how to mak.e men happy,I love being wat.ched as Im en.joying myself." N'joying hibernating in home B12 deficiency? >>>H.orny H.ottieHey gu.ys,Im Stun.ning B.lack,I know how to mak.e men happy,I love being wat.ched as Im en.joying myself. Whhyy the fuck do I keep getting WHORES following me.->> "Lo.ve when peo.ple watch me en.joying myself"...thanks. is checking dub riddims from Brazil ... and in-joying the sunnyshine ... gotta wrench on the Jetta & do a little ga ... no worries at all my dear :) glad you are (un)joying the sounds,Nattramn is a genius and his vocals are amazing!! Just got off of work and in joying my night with my family..... What more could i ask. When you your family i ... In joying my day with my boys & hubby....... There is really nothing like family!! Your own family........ ... full joying yourself r we A beautiful sunny friday morning... n-joying the moment, you should too ;-) Fast Forward fell a little flat for me. I cried the first 30mins of Greys and I'm still n'joying it, but I've been hooked. in joying my new life.. but missin my pld 1.. ... Currently joying 50 down and 4 up thanks to Virgin Still n joying the Monsters of Folk CD. asks JOYING YOUR TURN ! lol rolling on the floor. He looks like hes n-joying him self shiii Milan, leave tomrow to flourence joying life.I feel like Ive been misin out on all these beautiful girls my whole life N -joying................The Holidays N'joying sights, sounds & stilettos provided by the ladies that lunch in the lounge at the Peninsula Manila. No pics. Discretion is a must
Rico union leaders clash with police: Union leaders scuffled with police outside the g.. [Philippine Star] Rico union leaders clash with police: Union leaders scuffled with police outside the governor's mansion .. You scuffled all over my best laid plans.... Photo: Israeli soldiers scuffled with a protester angry about an Israeli barrier in Bilin, West Bank, on... He's been a fine actor, but wtf has happened to him, that they'd behave that way. According to news, they scuffled, resisted
What happened to Paradox? :( livejournal is down, I can't get inside Paradox :( Hey! So you're online every after wednesday right?
I have, indeed, no abhorrence of danger, except in its absolute effect - in terror. I was just wondering why you would add an aussie lefty with pretty much a massive abhorrence of those that market via twitter? One more year closer to dying, Rotting organs ripping grinding, Biological discordance, equals self abhorrence - hello 23! Although I should point out that are an abhorrence of nature, you can't eat liquids! IT'S JUST WRONG! More here at alight going to school! finished US History song about the abhorrence of slavery. did a bit of a Spanish version as well. youthgroup tonight!!! This abdominal is beyond abhorrence...Hmm, maybe I've got colon cancer....heh, kidding...I think :S Not sure if my passion for sketch comedy surpasses my intense abhorrence for Megan Fox. Any east-coasters think tonight's SNL was it? thank god your abhorrence for NASCAR overpowered your laziness. NASCAR is not a real How abhorrence of White ppl in Britain creates a racist & fascist totalitarian State i have an abhorrence for lint. I beg to differ and of course you are very much a Ron Christie vis a vis your denial of Fox News' abhorrence of Latinos. What a day. Got bit by a Granddaddy Longleg. Scared me to death but I am fine. Word of the day: "abhorrence" AKA, fear. GB & Peace Out. J~ "I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence." I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and face my own abhorrence! That depends... does your abhorrence of commercials outweigh your desire to see Greys sooner? Thinking the same thing. My innate abhorrence to housework has a lot to do with it. No one to blame but myself. Up at 5 a.m. Stopped "blogging" since I worked on my An abhorrence to writing? From APA to HTML, structures both shape & obstruct thought. I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false & to incur my own abhorrence. I prefer 2 be true 2myself even@the hazard of incurring ridicule from others rather than 2be false&2 incur my own abhorrence FredrickDouglas Repent-change your mind for the better & vigorously amend your ways, with abhorrence of your past sins-or Perish: .. yo guys this venue update in 22oct at GSG GAJAYANA - MALANG and 23oct at SLACKERS - JOGJA .. ok mates Abhorrence of is a moral attitude, not a policy. consistent scapegoated enemies of Christ. Despite some anti-Christians' (especially neo-Odinist and neo-pagan) claims that their abhorrence I prefer to be true to myself,even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false,and to incur my own abhorrence
Come to "35% off Boxwood Beads & More!" Tomorrow at 12:00 am until <br />Sunday, October 4 at 12:00 pm. Tiny Boxwood's on W Alabama was the best decision for lunch that I've made in a long long time. you are too kind my love.My fav London eats-The Boundary, York and Albany, Modern Pantry, Saf, Roka, Boxwood Cafe, Wahaca x Green Mountain Boxwood- Small dark green leaves form a perfect, wide pyramidal oval excellent for hedging. Height: 5' Spread: 3' Zone: 4 Free Boxwood Bushes (Cary): A row of bushes about 10' long, 3' tall... if you can dig them out, they are free t.. FREE Bushes (Cary): About 10' long, 3' high mature boxwood bushes... if you dig them up, you can have them for .. The first DIY from the NYTimes is up: Make your own Boxwood Wall 83 Phenomenal Women will be networking tomorrow night at the Boxwood Grill, Methuen, MA ! Join us! went 2 Gordon Ramsey's Boxwood Cafe&it was ok. Bit overated. Said child friendly place.Had 2 carry buggy up/down the stairs 83 Phenomenal Women will be networking tomorrow night at the Boxwood Grill, Methuen, MA ! Join us! Sat Sept 26, 2009 Boxwood Restoration Company completed the repair of the surface of a mahogany entry door in Madison, Ohio all of yesterday's specials are sold out...red chokeberry, morris dwarf boxwood, soft touch hollies and coreopsis moonbeam--all sold out! Recovering from a meal at boxwood cafe. That chocolate fondant was sweeeet. No, it really was sweet. Status update on today's special: SOLD OUT OF Coreopsis Moonbeam and Morris Dwarf Boxwood! HUMA ROJO, RADIOBOXER, BOXWOOD tonight PS-14 <3 10:00pm ... Today! PS 14 RADIOBOXER, HUMA ROJO, BOXWOOD! AND MORE! Fri September 25, 2009 Boxwood Restoration Company completed the delivery and installation of a custom cherry wood kitchen in Conneaut Ohio Fri Sept 25, 2009 Boxwood Restoration Company suggests you check out The National Association of the Remodeling Industry ( NARI) at nari.org Sept 24, 2009 Boxwood Restoration believes it is Ashtabula County's only active member The National Association Of the Remodeling Industry Thursday Sept 24, 2009 Its official! Boxwood restoration Company is a member of The National Association of the Remodeling Industry (NARI) @ boxwood. wondering where rest of u r? Large Boxwood Plants (Silver Spring): Large boxwood (Buxus sempervirens) planting consisting of large multi-ste.. to hunting chipmunks in the great sage growth and boxwood gardens The Boxwood Garden is so serene today. Hope this sun is here to stay! Scholars speculate Noah's "gopherwood" could be ebony, wicker, juniper, acacia, boxwood, slimed bulrushes, pine, cedar, cypress, or fir. Lunch was fresh! We love the food and decor. Think that it might be cool to add some faux boxwood to enhance the fence design! Had lovely meal at Boxwood Cafe- now heading home,via Am off to 100% Design for the day; then Boxwood Cafe for dinner and then maybe Asbo Kid at - hectic. Boxwood bushes/ Evergreen/ Bushes/ Plants - Not sure but FREE (pittsburg / antioch): Boxwood bushes/ Evergreen/ .. Boxwood bushes/ Evergreen/ Bushes/ Plants - Not sure but FREE (pittsburg / antioch): Boxwood bushes/ Evergreen/ .. Free boxwood hedge and flowering dogwood (Bellevue): Free You remove Approx 50 feet of boxwood hedge, 18 inches .. - 9-13-09 Rori and I Planted the first bush (Japanese Boxwood) on our new There is a great wine tasting at Boxwood Bistro tonight and one on Friday Both in and both tons of fun! Small Boxwood Plantation Candlestand By Ibolili: Responses to Small Boxwood Plantation Candlestand By Ibolili Na.. gutted, can't make the meal with Susan, Boxwood always a goodun. see you at 100% probably Am off to 100% Design tomorrow, followed by meal in Ramsay's Boxwood Cafe. ... Small Boxwood Plantation Candlestand By Ibolili: Rice Plantation Candlestand By Ibolili. Come join us Oct. 1st from 5-7pm at Boxwood Bistro for our 2009 BBB Fall Mixer with music provided by Strawberry Jam! RSVP Required.
27 dresses on star movies yesterday... I love catherine...another tall actress :) inspiring me the slenderness :D Try A Little Slenderness Hidden Wire Cami From Wacoal, The Wacoal Try A Little Slenderness Hidden Wire Cami, from the.. Try A Little Slenderness Hidden Wire Body Briefer From Wacoal, The Wacoal Try A Little Slenderness Hidden Wire Body Br.. Gain slenderness with | Get to learn how
Protesters: 'No' to 2016 Olympics; invest in city now: With Mayor Richard Daley leading a team in Copenhagen to.. Obama wishing for diarmament will come true when the bombs are used up in the war his incompetence is leading us towards Ricky Williams value also increases. Davone Bess is their leading WR, but with an 8.2 average is also a ppr league guy. The are leading the 1-0 in the T3. w00t! Tax Accountant at Apollo Group (Omaha, NE): InfoGROUP is a leading global provider of proprietary business and .. Im the leading lady in his life Colorado Rockies (Official Site) >> Tracy leading with quiet grace Reward offered for information leading to arrest I'm new at this but thought I give it a try. I'm on here looking for models for a leading adult cam site. Also looking for model recruiters Braves lose, Rox leading and my hand swollen to Michelin Man Goodnight moon GOP candidate leads in special Pa. Senate election|AP HARRISBURG, Pa. - The Republican candidate is leading in a .. Successful tournament leading to the team claiming the Lismore Festival of Cricket title. Need a bigger trophy cabinet - big season awaits! back in the game, leading by 1pt tigers 70-0 when leading after 8 inn How many teams have been perfect for a whole season leading a gang war, stealing cars, and getting stitches. Acai Nutraburst is sweeping the nation. Find out what makes this leading diet plus anti-aging pill so great. Not the guinea pig...the scientist leading the guinea pigs. I have to lead a taste test. LOL If the leading edge of a supernova is arriving in our solar system, that could explain Applications Developer To succeed in this role in a leading software team, you should have mid to senior skil ... You are known by your czars (those who you surround yourself with?) Blind guides(leaders) leading duped SHEEPLE~BEWARE AMERICA, WARNING!! Votes into the night // Baucus leading his merry band // To where, no one knows Central-leading Tigers beat Twins 6-5 to split DH: Detroit increased its division lead to two over Minnesota, w.. QComp Technologis, Inc. Selected by Leading Commercial Lighting ... New Games From By staff Leading online casino has announced that it will be premiering sev.. is packing. Casey and I are heading to Tulsa until Monday (family, friends, wedding, & leading worship at Believers Church on Sunday morn). Votes into the night // Baucus leading his merry band // To where, no one knows R U single? Do U live in OKC Metro? Check out the singles event this Fri. @ 7pm & Trent Austin R leading worship! Wow. Amazing collection of 37 images of the practice sessions leading to China's 60th Anniv celebration this week. Oh you mean the team that just beat the top team so far this year? with my Mikko leading the way? sorry, wrong again XD Nhl10 leading scorer in my be a pro mode league, with an enforcer d-man, everytime i shoot they say what do you expect with a lugnut shootin : Central-leading Tigers beat Twins 6-5 to split DH (AP): AP - Justin Verlander kept the Detroit Tigers on top... love working with you.. learning from you.. leading with you. thanks for letting me :) Headlines: Central-leading Tigers beat Twins 6-5 to split DH: Justin Verlander kept the Detroit Tiger.. : Central-leading Tigers beat Twins 6-5 to split DH (AP): AP - Justin Verlander kept the Detroit Tigers on top... Rick Scott profits off the uninsured: A leading foe of healthcare reform owns a chain of clinics aimed at peopl.. : Central-leading Tigers beat Twins 6-5 to split DH (AP): AP - Justin Verlander kept the Detroit Tigers on top... : Central-leading Tigers beat Twins 6-5 to split DH (AP): AP - Justin Verlander kept the Detroit Tigers on top... Tag lines for 101 leading U.S. and international law firms were compiled by Steve Matthews .. Adshoker is probably one of the world's leading online markets that fundamentally dominate the PPC, 1. Never leave me 2. Trapped in the middle and 3. Door (or door step) leading to my Thank u for giving me a chance! Protesters: 'No' to 2016 Olympics; invest in city now: With Mayor Richard Daley leading a team in Copenhagen to.. Wow, great on the Packers/Vikings/Favre drama leading up to the big game. Law Firm Tag Lines: Tag lines for 101 leading U.S. and international law firms were compiled by Steve Matthews .. Solutions Architect To succeed in this role in a leading development team, you should have skills in all aspe ... is gonna study till midnite for a math test 2morrow... oy... then leading worship 4 church... go get ur tix for tour @ 102509!! Leading Arizona Non-Profit Valle Del Sol chooses Compliance Mark for its compliance needs. PR
I'm not sure if you're praising geeks or discouraging forwardness. Knowing you, I think the former, but reassure me please? *feeling herself flush thinking Damn he was good* You gonna make me remember *blushes at her own forwardness* Feeling like I've out-trendied myself. I'm in some weird of fashion-forwardness that I need out of!!! I bow down to your fashion forwardness, showing off my pink towelling turban in all it's glory She wearing Ed Hardy still (at least for me, I do fashion forwardness, that was like 8 seasons ago) why do people take my straight forwardness as being mean.... but really what defines crazy? My forwardness. My excessive eye make up. (which has toned down this year) madmen CEO panel didn't auger well for future-forwardness of ad biz either, expect that won't be case for Madwomen?! V low level Twittering for Poss due to confusion re hashtags, but doesn't augur well re future-forwardness of ad industry V low level Twittering for Poss due to confusion re hashtags, but doesn't augur well re future-forwardness of ad industry
So ill, I've been vaccinated with a phonographic needle 'Shameful': BPI hits out at BT over inaction over filesharers (Macworld UK): The British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) BPI: Attacke gegen britische Provider: Die British Phonographic Industry (BPI) hat den b.. This file is no longer available because of a claim by International Federation of the Phonographic Industry. ops. me pegaram I honestly can't seem to understand what is it about my profile that attracts people with phonographic pages? so confused. We are listening to Steely Dan on a phonographic recording. - My first phonographic record. This is a momentous day.
Going to dins with bro in SM ... Who's up for some sangria with the Varos? You ready dins, no need special bento box. just get those containers (Lock & Lock) fr cold storage. i use 'em to tapau lunch! ok... i'm seriously comming over for dins soon!!! i meant it! oh & good morning dear:) xx headed to mystery dins Dins at the waverly! Making some fresh hummous for dins. Tryin to keep light and fit since I just worked out!! Just home from B'day dins cinema with Josie. Went to see 500 Days of Summer. Good show (the 'anti-Amelie' movie?) Round 2 Dins with at and new pad. Mmmmtaaaste. Had dins in chiquitos with Mr Man & now very full with tacos... Bg2 You are eating brats again while playing? You do too much ;) Off to my dinner now, my Q's b'day t'day, dins out Thanks lady! Gotta make it out to a Toronto Geek Girl Dins...next one! what are you doing for dins tonight i really want taco bell haha Yeah, we can grab the dins on a difo note dins dins was real tasty despite me wtching the cricket and having 1 2 many glasses of wine !!!!! One spot opened up in a sold out cooking class tonight. $65 for amazing dins, great convo and nutritious cooking fun. Let me know! What a hectic day at work , physically drained and still to cook din dins !! Well at uni tomorrow :). Watching the best CSI !! Drinking a splendid cider whilst making my din dins. Family happy. Footer on radio. Wonderful 3 biscuits enough? i think not. mummy hurry up with din dins (: Pigeon liver dins - lovely! Tho Rabbit Liver -- Doubly Superb! Wonder why butchers don't sell?? yessssss guess who has the best mother in the w o r l d?? shepherd's pie for din dins and diet coke IN CANS :D OMELETTE! for din dins! YAY! back in Cardiff and I am off to find some din dins I've done soo well with my diet to day...time for din dins...I just cnt wait 4 the weekend...gna be fab!! Cooking dins, pork chops for him and fat, sugar and taste free soup for me. waiting for dins dins! Listening to while I make some dins for my beloved. Supermarket trip was a success. I went to the Tesco'spress on the Warwick rd. i'm home :) perfected my manouvers tonight woop woop! gonna cook chicken and tomato and herb sauce for din dins :) Have you not your Din-Dins eaten yet? going out for din-dins. Normal hotel booked out. Gt Russell St has a nice buzz. Dins at local chippie run by Spaniards. FS and mushy peas. Champion ha! You tweeted too! What would you like for dins? Clue: make it easy- am tired and headachy ;) Mmm, din dins! Homework done, study begun, room tidy. A good evening (L) Time for din dins:-) the potato din dins sounds delish !! Hope you manage to get up ok hon bun xxx what to make for din dins tonight.......hmmmmmm Well on curry for dins 6 days left to win din-dins in the F Word restaurant on Weds 7th Oct, with Ramsay himself in the kitchen - enter here: home from Uni and going to have a little nap then din-dins! my tummy is rumblinggg. mum hurry up with the din dins :) Time for din dins! =D Nte to self-no point leavin early if u gna miss ur train!! Arrgh, no worries jst think of steak dins...hmmm A great list for nice Friday Night dins -- especially if you live in Williamsburg: Going to have my din dins, i think it's quorn chicken, so basically bland food, yummy! xxx ok I give up on fb for now- gotta get kids dins on then dress up then off to meet and greet! Rare breed sausages with caremalised onions, mash and a dab of gooseberry and coriander chutney for din-dins again tonight. Hoorah. Going to mummas for din dins and hangs tomorrow. Just got home from raw dins! Early tomorrow... Night! X On the train too Hatton Gardens. Looking forward too Din-Dins tonight :-) time to make me some din dins. ;D
chocolates from aircrew again <3 Out of the three aircrew sat in the crewroom I'm the only one still awake, I fear even that isn't going to last long this morning. I actually get grumpy at the nco aircrew who have been in 5mins and are in the mess. If you are interested in learning a little about aircrew life or it's history, check out Aircrew egress systems position in Knob Noster, MO. Up to $20K signing bonuses. Watching a documentary I recorded on the Avro Lancaster my favourite aeroplane I have nothing but respect and admiration for all RAF aircrew Kasian sekali...mau recurrent Studying Aircrew Safety Manual on my DAY OFF...!!! Huuufff.... ... Studying Aircrew Safety Manual on my DAY OFF...!!! Huuufff.... I posted a new about Aircrew Flight Equipment and some of the history of life at Aircrew Flight Equipment Continues the Legacy of Saving Lives ...... Aircrew Flight Equipment Continues the Legacy of Saving Lives ........ Aircrew Flight Equipment Continues the Legacy of Saving Lives .... Aircrew Flight Equipment Continues the Legacy of Saving Lives ...... Packing for Chiangrai. I don't really want to go. AirCrew does not let me swap for Lahore instead :( :( :( Aircrew flight equipment position in Colorado Springs, CO. Up to $20K signing bonuses. wesuppose we all have reasons4leaving mine was square peg round hole did 3 days aircrew selection at biggin wanted air engnr my husbands entire aircrew in Cannon is watching it and loving it so no ur not less of a man. These guys are very manly :P New Aviation Aircrew Technical Documentation Developer - DynCorp - Patrick Afb, FL: finished ai.. Professional Pilot News - Aircrew Buzz - Kindle Edition. So my mate just returned from his RAF NCO selection. Good to excellent on all scores. Eyesight 1pt off. Declared unfit for aircrew. Gutted. JSfirm Aviation Jobs Aviation Aircrew Technical Documentation Developer: DynCorp Patrick.. JSfirm Aviation Aircrew Technical Documentation Developer: DynCorp Patrick AFB, Florida:Please apply onlin..
My dear, no apology necessary. You honor me with this gesture. a nice gesture indeed. My multi gesture touchpad has gone crazy yeah glorious, in the context of NZ cricket at least, and nice gesture/moral revenge on Collingwood from Vettori too. His majestic gesture brings the fly right where he wants whereas the wire splits the fresh morning air: Cricket: Strauss applauds Vettori's gesture: JOHANNESBURG - New Zealand captain Daniel Vettori said he.. Regardless, it's a cool gesture on Kerr's Wondering if I should make a dramatic gesture of devotion & commitment even though I don't think he's asking me for it? There was an evil grin and rubbing hands gesture to accompany that, wasn't there? I know there was. thank you soooo much! it means a lot that you care enough to speak your mind! its an insulting gesture! Watch this. *inappropriate gesture* What can I say I'm a sucka for love....I just want to be excited by a flutter or a simple thoughtful gesture. true love/happiness isnt in words its in actions...every considerate gesture,loving touches,cooking ur favs or. -- "The bad news for Chlark fans is this: Chloe's friendly gesture pushes Clark closer to Lois" ~ ROFL :rolleyes: Dear --, I keep waiting for a kind gesture to show me that you haven't stopped caring about me. Should I give up? It's me. <3?, me. *hand gesture* - You will add me to the Wave invite list. Also, you will give me access to your browser usage statistics. Cricket: Strauss applauds Vettori's gesture You may have seen me at the World giving you the 2 much rock for one hand gesture. Spectacular moments with a great thought & small gesture of kindness...what can you do? Its more of a gesture. US Welcomes Iranian Gesture on Detained Americans - Voice of America Spectacular moments with a great thought & small gesture of kindness...what can you do? Klo kyu pendiem aslny c sma ajj kyk hyungny :) Emank mb,kliatan dr mukanya sma gesture ny..Klo siwo ... Cricket: Strauss applauds Vettori's gesture: JOHANNESBURG - New Zealand captain Daniel Vettori sai.. Someone at daycare has shown Katie the Horns hand gesture and she runs around saying incessantly, as a 2-year-old will. Please tell me fake umps is a true subversive gesture. Those are expensive seats. Makes me wonder. Yeah, I got his publishers right here <fill in inappropriate gesture> Typical girl facebook pose: cleavage shot, rotated peace hand gesture,look in top left corner and pout! thank god I hat pouting! Photo: What would I DO? I would want to bring joy to everyones life. a joke, a gesture of kindness, a deep... have donated my son's old clothes and some rice. hope with that simple gesture we were able to help others.... 5 for for his prego gesture Just leaving Rita's.. Yall missed it! I treated for everyone in Rita's $26. Kids parents thought it was a nice gesture. old school villain. Notice the trademarked hand gesture they all do usually followed by maniacal laughter just got a nice discount from for the Center Ice package that will be sans Nice customer service gesture. Still bummed. yeah ok sweet gesture tho! This is really a powerful gesture, Mr. Durden. It'll set quite an example. lmao!!! It's a friendly gesture. Something ya'll black ppl don't possess!! face palm - that gesture where you are so embarrassed that you cover your face with your open hand. I'm not bipolar-I'm just happy "You've imprinted that gesture" results in doing the same scene 3, 472, 075, 294 times. Not good. Spectacular moments with a great thought & small gesture of kindness, you create my spactacular moments :) Strong take on Angels celebration and inclusion of jersey are you offended or of this gesture? "You just can't make an empty gesture anymore." Link: The On the Street....Hot & Pink, Milano - Facial expression and hand gesture make it. i received a letter today lol who sends letters now ah day haha :] it was a cute gesture tho<3 do you want to talk gesture? That's was huge. Thank you baby. It meant the world to me. It's a symbolic gesture. And better to have them onside than trying to keep these clowns in power. I'll be there at Cov, working.
You know you drink too many maple mottles when: the girl at the cafe lets you a tab.
Has anyone tried Bio Basic INC for oligo synthesis? A postdoc in my lab is recommending it need to go though 22 Postdoc application.... Hiring: Building Diagnostics Postdoc Fellow _... (Berkeley, CA) Hiring: Computer Sci Postdoc Fellow (Berkeley, CA) Hiring: Data Center IAQ Postdoc (Berkeley, CA) Hiring: Computational Biologist Postdoc (Berkeley, CA) Hiring: Chemist Postdoc Fellow - Condensed Ph... (Berkeley, CA) job: W.M. Keck Institute Postdoctoral Fellowships Announcement of Solicitati.. Postdoc: "These look so long and intimidating." Me: Hiring: Geological Postdoc Fellow (Berkeley, CA) Hiring: Physicist Postdoc Fellow (Berkeley, CA) Hiring: Cryogenics/Vacuum Postdoc Fellow (Berkeley, CA) Hiring: Physicist Postdoc Fellow (X-ray Coher... (Berkeley, CA) Hiring: Chemist Postdoc Fellow (Berkeley, CA) Hiring: Materials Postdoc Fellow (Energy Cons... (Berkeley, CA) Hiring: Mechanical Engineer Postdoc Fellow (Berkeley, CA) Hiring: Mechanical Engineer Postdoc Fellow (Berkeley, CA) Hiring: Geological Postdoc Fellow (Berkeley, CA) Hiring: Chemist Postdoc Fellow (Berkeley, CA) Research Scientist I (Postdoc) - South Dakota School of Mines & Technology - Rapid City, SD, United States : Th.. New Job Posted: Postdoc position in Internet policy / net neutrality / traffic management at Uni.. Postdoc Scientist - PhD in Life Science or Chemistry - Central NJ: NJ-Skillman, Calling all postdocs! Kelly Sci.. Postdoc Scientist - PhD in Life Science or Chemistry - Central NJ: NJ-Skillman, Calling all postdocs! Kelly Sci.. Hiring: Physicist Postdoc Fellow (Berkeley, CA) Postdoc Scientist - PhD in Life Science or Chemistry - Central NJ: NJ-Skillman, Calling all postdocs! Kelly Sci.. Hiring: Physicist Postdoc Fellow (Berkeley, CA) Exciting news for the Graduate School: College of Natural Science has a new Postdoc Fellowship Program for 2010-2011! Biologist Postdoc Fellow- Single Cell Genomics: The Single Cell Genomics Program at the DOE .. Hiring: Magnetic Systems / FEL Postdoc Fellow (Berkeley, CA) Hiring: Climate Change Postdoc Fellow (re-ope... (Berkeley, CA) Seriously looking for a postdoc. It's a weird feeling to be on the job market again, since the last time I got a job I was 21. job: Post-Doctoral Research Associate: This is an for a highly motivated post.. saw a good plenary talk of dirk helbing (ETH) at a recent conference. might be a good postdoc choice for you. Physicist Postdoc Fellow-Berkeley, CA US needed I'm applying an STFC postdoc fellowship here in Manchester, though. Am very aware that it's a long shot, esp. given crisis. Postdoc Position in Medical Device Software Process at Dundalk Institute of Technology Postdoc Position in Medical Device Software Process at Dundalk Institute of Technology you forgot, the where post docs whine about how their PhD, life, & research are meaningless. (married to a postdoc) ;) Postdoc fellowships in downtown Phoenix (an All-America City). Opp. to make a difference: Despite an insane schedule and crazy lead-up week to the wedding, I'm damned near on schedule for my postdoc applications. More here at To the gym before I murder my computer in a fit of rage. I have only a time to finish these postdoc apps, and I need things to work. looking for a postdoc position East Coast USA for a friend. signal transduction, kinases, human disease. anyone know anything good? job: Postdoctoral Position (TV-L 13) Mechanisms of renal toxicity induced by cadmium-meta.. Recent PhD? Apply for the New-York Historical Society & Postdoc Fellows Program job: Postdoctoral Position: Postdoctoral position: Trace metal chemical oceanography; par.. Send me your application for postdoc position at SERG/TU Delft and ensure your interview slot at MODELS or OOPSLA Postdoc (m/f) Aquatic ecology-remote sensing: Job description Project description. In this complex inter-tidal .. Postdoc (m/f) Marine Biology-Biomathematics: Job description Within the IN-PLACE project, of the Sea and C.. From and with the people that produce Stratego/XT, WebDSL, Spoofax/IMP, Acoda, Nix, JSGLR, PIL: a postdoc position at SERG/TU Delft
flying back to Chicago tomorrow. Savoring my last night here in the bay area. S.F I'm leaving my <3 for you. I'm savoring this moment. For the first time in what seems like FOREVER, everything is slowly falling back into place. <33 thank you thank you for life that you gave me and showed me now roll and keep savoring the flavors that you showed ... I've only played it for more than an hour a day ONCE, so don't feel bad. You're not neglecting it; you're savoring it. :3 like twins I thought of you when I was devouring and savoring I knew you'd meet me there Learned today that life is great when you stop worrying about things you can't change, and savoring the moments with ppl you love =) The sweet grind of multitasking productivity. Savoring the satisfaction. this is really a new day.and last night was really a night.enjoying ever moment.savoring every minute.work things out today again... Frozen Yoplait Whips = yumminess. Have you tried it? I'm savoring every bite! Savoring the most amazing and ethereal dusk in Minneapolis. Reminds me of ones that often stunned me during my years in Jerusalem. Savoring the highlight of the round: par4 9th hole - on in two (first time ever). Not going to mention the three-putt. Savoring a steak, egg & cheese and hot carrots from Nico's...I'm a happy man! savoring solutions & honoring the God who has revealed them to me. Thrilled but aware idea is only first step! Still, now know where to go! savoring my last and most amazing tuesday ever! I can feel You all around me thickening the air I'm breathing, holding on to what I'm feeling, savoring this that's healed Still savoring that Cowboys victory from last night. We needed that one bad!!! Savoring a falafel sandwich in New Haven, CT. Gray skies and paper plates. woke up wonderfully late. savoring the moment. i want cider. autumn is creeping around the corner. how wonderful it is to be human. Savoring the moment where i use my ipod. The battery is so ancient now! It can barely last thru tha day Savoring coconut cream pie brought home from lunch w/ Brad at Main Cafe in New Harmony. Haven't had coconut pie in a long time! YUM... Savoring this last small bite of grilled salmon that I got from Tomorrow is $5.99/lb salad bar day! Savoring every bite of this small piece of grilled salmon that I got from Yummy! lmao that's called savoring 2nd bk? Be still my <3! June? Friggin June? Savoring every Foster moment in S Game now! (not that I wasnt alr) Savoring the last few minutes of peace. Soon it's off to the races until about 10:00. Wish me luck! :-) lol, I'm sorry but I was pressed for time, so I went w/ plain ice cream. I would've taken longer savoring the snickers. Do you read every book you get? I'm such a sucker for savoring books and re-reading, I can't imagine reading so many. & I read fast Savoring the goodness of God only comes as one understands the greatness of God.Without this there is no ground for humility or worship. is savoring every experience in Peru and fully appreciating everything at home. Santa Cruz is a great place to come home to. you are so talented and beautiful and Im savoring every single one of those you send my way ;) MUAH! Yes! :D oh! I wanna watch it all at once like a greedy kid, but I'm doing my best at savoring it. I don't want it to end! i bet you washed every of your face BUT the he kissed. savoring that forever. next time he's gonna serenade you ha Savoring a wonderful cookie from 's mom while enjoying the crisp Autumn air. Still savoring the big win on Saturday and top of the Pac 10 ranking! the wait? Yup. One of the benefits of getting older (!) is savoring moments more - like the change in seasons. It is glorious in Charlotte this morning! having bfast in bed with Briggs. I'm savoring the cuddles I get with B-im going to miss him while in Cambodia Savoring 2 'dates' this last weekend... :) Savoring 2 'dates' this last weekend... :) Former Dallas personality savoring life beyond TV news while teaching on the side Savoring every last second in bed this morning. :) song of moment "Brand New Day" by Josh Radin Savoring the Cowboys victory but not overconfident for the rest of the season. 46 cool degrees here in OK - savoring my cup as we tweet! one less inmate in today(that's me) aaahhhhhh..my week off. fun drivel all week..savoring every moment of brief ordinary life. Mary slurped away savoring the incredible taste. After this phrases he usually went to bed, but I left in bath. 'Some of the most beautiful women in the world cannot speak properly" I'm savoring that bit of comment on Ris Low. The Boston Globe >> Savoring Savard Wonderful news Deb! Congratulations on both having, and savoring, a beautiful day :-) IS JUST SAVORING THE MOMENY!!!!!!!!!!!! savoring sale bakar a.k.a smooked banana oleh2 dari enak, but it leaves that charcoally ngopi ini mah
It's the generalization of the to that women as a whole use sex nefariously that gets to me. Hahaha! *Laughs nefariously* I was ready to use the tray nefariously. I tend to get extra raucous when I haven't been fed. Then the lies trigger the rage Ok, I give up. Are you nefariously twirling a handlebar moustache in your latest profile picture? Finished another great episode of Counterpoint w Mel Francis of GamingVice.net & Liam of Nefariously Awesome PERFORMING innuendo? That makes him even more of a pseudo-role model. He distinctly uttered the word 'sausage' nefariously. Galavanting nefariously through the halls of a building I'm technically not supposed to be in. I'm such a rebel. Who would do that? Especially someone he trusted with that info - or did they find it nefariously? Idjits - make us all look bad. That takes skill to waggle your eyebrows nefariously - years of training! kudos I love you. *waggles eyebrows nefariously*
matt show would have been much sweeter if u wrestled "some say the darker the berry... the sweeter the juice, i say the darker the fleshh.... and the deeper the ro ... "some say the darker the berry... the sweeter the juice, i say the darker the fleshh.... and the deeper the ro ... i prefer cake over muffins, does depend though. The sweeter the better! but the end result when u can sit back and say. Yup I've don't enough. Will be so much more it and sweeter. Now obsessed with "Revenge Is Sweeter Than You Ever Were" thanks to :) <3 this songggggg :) Austin just got way sweeter: -- Holy office We will need to team up to have enough employees. Revenge is sweeter then you where(8) Pretty much. :) The odds are never in the batter's favor. Makes it that much sweeter when they do win it, though! Apple season outlook couldn't be sweeter: GOSHEN -- Local growers say there's a bumper crop of apples this year.. Nothing sweeter than watching that tool Kevin Youkilis strike out to end a game; Boston loses it's 5th straight. Classic. Congrats on the gold star. I hope the cookie is good too, now that your sugared up, will you become a sweeter government? Austin just got way sweeter: well first, voice was sweeter than honey. Second, (in epic voice) I will always mourn him until we meet again upstairs! =] -sits down and looks at you- ur nicer than i thought and sweeter -looks in ur eyes- are always sweeter with the sunny side up. Watching Blazing Saddles! Haha sweeter! Seriously, could Sean and Antoine be ANY cuter, sweeter or nicer? I got the sweetest love, there aint nothing sweeter.. oh yeah aw that's sweet, but it'd be even sweeter if you spelt my name right, coutrney! :P What?! I've been on Moscato!!!! And Reisling. There 2 of the sweeter white wines. Oh, and the new Langhorne Slim album will also make it even sweeter. well according 2the sexopedia, black pepper does make u taste salty 4some reason, it said eating pineapples makes it sweeter Cant be any sweeter Love is sumthing only we can chase. I guess it is true The Blacker The Berry The Sweeter The Juice..!! Haha.. I'm Super Light..!! And He's my little black juice..!! Nothing sweeter than hearing my baby say, "night muma, wuv you"! Music to my ears! reppin the kzoo, reppin them keys. i sing sweeter than that honey made by the bees. Playing with Taylor Bear and talking to my sweet husband. I love my family. What did we do before Taylor?? Life is sweeter!!! buffalo is way better, sweeter flavor...one thing I learned from Colorado was buffalo is great! revenge is sweeter then you ever were. :) Never confuse "Bumps In The Road" with the "End Of The Road". This too shall pass! What lies ahead is sweeter than what lays behind. DT "Now Playing: No Sweeter Name by Cape First Worship" His word is sweeter than honey, the Psalmist David tells. His word is light, & His word is life & it will never fail. :) man, i dont know y ppl say pavarotti is better than andrea he has a much sweeter voice!! Buddy how cute can you get, each photo is sweeter than the next, you are the mostest hugy dog I know...you are a STAR model...missy There's nothing sweeter than hearing my husband reading my son a bedtime story!! Oh, this is turning out to be so much sweeter than I thought. Some say the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice I say the darker the flesh then the deeper the root- Tupac There's nothing sweeter than hearing my husband reading my son a bedtime story!! About to remake "Sweeter Than". Haven't heard any of my songs?? Check out An... won again in softball again! second playoff game thurs. and we play the team that the way old guy almost broke my nose!! REVENGE IS SWEETER! YOU'RE EVEN SWEETER There may be sweeter eyes than Lefty's, but sweeter eyes with one floppy ear? Now, we're talking turkey I did-- first half of it was harsh - became sweeter at the end- will need to try a couple more. It was ok Now playing "Kisses Sweeter Than Wine" by "Jimmie Rodgers" Thats definatley not how it goes. OW! :^D the older the berry the sweeter the juice!
Cliff's Crib: Sharing With the Mayor: Yesterday, I discovered that me and my mayor Clarence R. Nagin s.. Hey Hammy - email Cliff's cell # to me - would love to contact him again! : Every time I think I am almost done with my book, more words come out of my brain. Sheesh! The poor kids are going to need Cliff's Notes!! Ye-ah!!!! bFM (love 'em but...) have had me crawling to the cliff's edge on Sat a.m. (sorry b, but it's true!) glad you're enjoying it! did you go to cliff's?? Chicken and ham dish: He wrote: "The attached recipe for Mr. and Mrs. Cliff's Favorite Chicken Recipe .. i really do and I really will and can we all.. i cover Jimmy Cliff's Harder They Come on my new CD:) Out with my baby and Isoul, celebrating Cliff's bday...Happy Bday big guy!! At Nan for Cliff's bday dinner bash (@sgt_hollywood) with and duhhh.. pedro has the mound tomorrow SLASH wednesday. cliff's got it when we're there :) i did on cliff's notes and still got A's & B's. public school doesn't push so real easy to skate thru w/ out learning Stuck on the bridge. trains are all stopped because of a breakdown at Central Station. Call Cliff's Towing!!! ... what are you doing 5-7 pm on friday oct. 2nd? going to cliff's reception, i'll be there! for more details! The Cliff's Notes version of what's wrong with CQpolitics? So, wait, can you give me the Cliff's Notes version of what's wrong with CQpolitics? // Yup: So, wait, can you give me the Cliff's Notes version of what's wrong with CQpolitics? Enjoyed you taking the time to come and chat with Cliff's class. BBC has this special on Chinese Communism to now. It's like a Cliff's Notes version. For a quick study, check it. Lyons' "newspapers must die" post is Cliff's (from Cheers) Buffalo Drinking Theory Cliff S. just stopped by to donate 20 CASES of canned vegetables to our Thanksgiving Food Drive. THANK YOU CLIFF!!!!! Lyons' "newspapers must die" post is basically Cliff's Buffalo Drinking Theory Daniel Lyons' "newspapers must die" post is basically Cliff's (from Cheers) Buffalo Drinking Theory New column: Cliff's Thoughts - Hell in a Cell Dallas 21 Carolina 7 last night. Cliff's brother Tom will have a re-cap at 8:45 on QMS. Totally forgot..'twas Cliff's death anniversary on Sunday.. R.I.P Clifford Lee \m/ Totally forgot..'twas Cliff's death anniversary on Sunday.. R.I.P Cliff.. \m/ We think a flower on a cliff is beautiful cuz we stop our feet at the cliff's edge, unable to step out into the sky like the fearless flower Very keen indeed - we'll swap you for a bottle of Cliff's wine :) can you please give me the cliff's notes of the starbucks chapter??? :) Looking for something romantic to do on a Monday night? Come in to Cliff's Edge. We practically invented romance. Cliff's made of knees. Cliff's Notes Highlights: Greek Week Opening Ceremony on Thursday, Congrats to Acropolis Oooh baby do you know what that's Ooh heaven is a place on (Cliff's house in Barbados) So glad my feet aren't as bad as Cliff's LOL. Is it bad when they pull out a sander for him? is awesome. Here r some Cliff's notes 4 everything is awesome. Here are some Cliff's notes for everything Tune in for Cliff's hammered brother Tom at 8:40 on the QMS tomorrow morning for his recap of tonight's Cowboys game. He's in Dallas for it. I like Tommy steele! and i like most of cliff's songs especially mistletoe and wine...like a good sway! x Sometimes, Monday mornings are like peering down from a cliff's edge; yeah, that's the week ahead. Jonmil's Edge (The Cliff's Edge--My Scarlet Lady) finished 3rd in the $100,000 Presque Isle Debutante on 9/26 2002: The New Mexico Rattler opens at Cliff's Amusement Park. (Albuquerque, New Mexico) I didn't mention your name! For Cliff's sake! Remember Neil from Young Ones? Just read Cliff's list TEN BIGGEST MISTAKES MEN MAKE WITH WOMEN. If I find a guy that does not do whats on the list I would be good to go. Walk as i among fields of wheat to mighty cliff's edge. TGS 2009 Cliff's Notes - Sony: It also still has that fancy video editor, too - Cross compatibility between.. wow I don't believe this , Cliff's assistant's selling the 6 limited editions of Real Face in his ebay shop :O & I have them all fufufu TGS 2009 Cliff's Notes - Microsoft counting the days till we leave for STEEL CITY & NYC!!! Spending the day at Cliff's for family day then some f ... Cliff is an epidemic all the way to Jersey. We're all sick and snorfing and it's all Cliff's f ... TGS 2009 Cliff's Notes - Sony
Aforementioned staging totally the plot. I'm still not entirely sure what was actually SUPPOSED to happen. The domain transfer from to is taking longer than I originally intended, Please bear with me. why is my twitter page on firefox as well as IE??? What the hell??? You need one of yourself in standing in front of a mirror. The close-up pic is angle-wise. No Wonder Our Image of Beauty Is # =not true Iss 3 is bout casinos. Its re auth 4 1st-class casinos which will create 34k job 4OH Currently in Staircase in Blood Lust 'We' get the gov't that we elect; Problem: 'We' includes & is by corporations & their $$$ influence. End 'corp. personhood'. well if you dont want your neck oddly when you break it heres an alternative to go blow on your thumb hard 4 12 sec I'm in need of a new guitar amp, this one got all and I can't really rock out anymore. Anyone got one? is by time, chicken sandwiches, and a new in Atlanta Sample-based extended-module tracking and FT2 = garbled mayhem. I called 2 hear D message.very I cant understand it well enough 2 know what 2 think.Her voice sounds great though 10 Thinking Patterns: Ten patterns of thinking: via bloody squeamish or squeamish? Hearing my in my ears might be causing my taste. Or my broken kneecap is making my ears beat. I don't comprehend. i burned my nail polish. its and looks funny. math and economics = numbers :) I think that was Business 101 back in the days LOL oh. :/ sounds kinda weird in itself. Sittin outside to this damn loud traffic on this street. People with their steros nowadays gosh My local real estate agent is at it again. Attack of the fisheye lenses! The kitchen table is so you could impale yourself on it! yes... but it comes in all funky quality:( Fake smiles, words Is what I see. a of david bowie. e_e i of course, chose the most complicated image srgthtr. yo change ur profile pic! u look like the thing from scary movie wit the face all frizzed up<xoxo hater Amy's solo ... her face is too or not enough for my liking =P yo change ur profile pic !Please u look like the thing from scary movie wit the face all frizzed up.... Things are worst than I thought. Our Judeo -Christian ethic is being by pagans in the pulpit. Things are worst than I thought. Our Judeo -Christian ethic is being by pagans in the pulpit. Things are worst than I thought. Our Judeo -Christian ethic is being by pagans in the pulpit. The to see visions of how the future of Bon Temps will play out...My thoughts soon.. no!!!!!!!!!!! DON'T change it! seeing that picture makes me laugh after a bad day...*sniff* it's attractively Heading on campus with a pounding head and reality to pull a paper out of nowhere. Suffocating under swirls of gray. 10 Thinking Patterns: Migraine vision, aching head, & feeling sluggish. Wow, just discover migraine & inebriation have the same symptoms. track 'Olympians' is like a Chariots of Fire for an asbo nation. Social Slut by Penguins wht threatens yr spiritual passion?-drained, dried, devastated, disillusioned, defeated, G.McDonald wht threatens yr spiritual passion?-drained, dried, devastated, disillusioned, defeated, G. McDonald Lose Weight by Taking Diet Pills- The typed in fact it its not to look like they slightly t... I dont watch Beck as facts hour but, you shld read AOL news comments. WOW! Real eye opner. Dem&prez bashers. I uploaded a YouTube video -- KOTC commercial Perception determines reality. Sometimes our perception is sometimes it is not. Learn to know the difference. Janet Turley: Roman Polanski and the Media Hype says Pentagon $35 billion tanker contest by revealing pricing data to Boeing. (AP) tiny.cc/Vb4so yeah I missed the ones with colored backgrounds. the differences for me. Anger ensued. Broke a table. 11 on a Nehalem Mac Pro, 10.6, driving Motu 828 @ 44kHz/24bit. Sound is beyond - it's broken. Jones: The idea of objectivity has been by its critics. It's not about having no opinions or preconceptions (1/2)
The largest hailstone ever recorded was 17.5 inches in diameter - bigger than a basketball.: The largest hailstone ever recorded was 17.5 inches in diameter - bigger than a basketball. I need to find a sugar mama to buy me a small diameter 12g, 10g & 8g CBB for my septum. Goodnight, moon. wanted Weber BBQ Lid (Everett): I need a replacement lid for my weber BBQ 22-3/4" diameter. Please email me if .. Dixon Ticonderoga "Beginners" Large Diameter Wood Cased Black Writing Pencils with Erasers, 13/32 Inches, Six... Dixon Ticonderoga "Beginners" Large Diameter Wood Cased Black Writing Pencils with Erasers, 13/32 Inches, Six... Avery High Visibility 1-2/3 Inch Diameter White Labels 600 Pack (5293) I need something sharp to fucking pop this blind pimple on my chin, it's gotta be at least 3cm in diameter. SAVE $1.04 - 4pc Soil Sieve Set, Stainless Steel 12" diameter $26.95 So, what was the largest diameter/circumference tree you saw in the Redwoods? Large enough to drive a car through? Ate an inch of pizza diameter for each 10 lbs. of body weight. Guessing this is not a sustainable kinda choice. Why does it Mommy? Dixon Ticonderoga "Beginners" Large Diameter Wood Cased Black Writing Pencils with Erasers, 13/32 Inches, Six... Avery High Visibility 1-2/3 Inch Diameter White Labels 600 Pack (5293) Dixon Ticonderoga "Beginners" Large Diameter Wood Cased Black Writing Pencils with Erasers, 13/32 Inches, Six... Avery High Visibility 1-2/3 Inch Diameter White Labels 600 Pack (5293) Dixon Ticonderoga "Beginners" Large Diameter Wood Cased Black Writing Pencils with Erasers, 13/32 Inches, Six... In the end, Pinecone ate an entire 8" diameter cloth toy soccer ball (sans stuffing), plus leaves, twigs and rope. (This from he who screams like a girl at the sight of any arachnid larger than 2 mm in diameter.) Avery High Visibility 1-2/3 Inch Diameter White Labels 600 Pack (5293) Avery High Visibility 1-2/3 Inch Diameter White Labels 600 Pack (5293) Dixon Ticonderoga "Beginners" Large Diameter Wood Cased Black Writing Pencils with Erasers, 13/32 Inches, Six... New Blog post 04 FORD F350 SUPER DUTY PICKUP f 350 ALLOY WHEEL RIM 17 INCH TRUCK Diameter 17 Width 7.5 Lug 6 SILVER 1 Piece Only R ... The largest hailstone ever recorded was 17.5 inches in diameter - bigger than a basketball. Dixon Ticonderoga "Beginners" Large Diameter Wood Cased Black Writing Pencils with Erasers, 13/32 Inches, Six... Avery High Visibility 1-2/3 Inch Diameter White Labels 600 Pack (5293) Monster CIT MGY-8 Medium Diameter Gray Cable-It Wire Management System (8 feet) SAVE $3.11 - Levolor Chained Ball Rod Set, Satin Nickel, 3/4-Inch Diameter, 66 to 120-Inch Width $31.88 Whatman Quantitative Grade Papers Contd.; Diameter: 12.5cm; Whatman No.: 1440-125 SAVE $3.11 - Levolor Chained Ball Rod Set, Satin Nickel, 3/4-Inch Diameter, 66 to 120-Inch Width $31.88 Dixon Ticonderoga "Beginners" Large Diameter Wood Cased Black Writing Pencils with Erasers, 13/32 Inches, Six... Dixon Ticonderoga "Beginners" Large Diameter Wood Cased Black Writing Pencils with Erasers, 13/32 Inches, Six... Our building's water service is still the old lead pipe, 1" diameter. Lead pipe must be replaced by code. We will upgrade to 1-1/4" copper. Avery High Visibility 1-2/3 Inch Diameter White Labels 600 Pack (5293) Dixon Ticonderoga "Beginners" Large Diameter Wood Cased Black Writing Pencils with Erasers, 13/32 Inches, Avery High Visibility 1-2/3 Inch Diameter White Labels 600 Pack (5293) Dixon Ticonderoga "Beginners" Large Diameter Wood Cased Black Writing Pencils with Erasers, 13/32 Inches, Six... - a finished - 3 inch diameter blown glass - a finished - 3 inch diameter blown glass Dixon Ticonderoga "Beginners" Large Diameter Wood Cased Black Writing Pencils with Erasers, 13/32 Inches, Six... Whatman Quantitative Grade Papers Contd.; Diameter: 12.5cm; Whatman No.: 1440-125 yes, react to egg in flu shot, (me & kiddo); me huge welt about 2" in diameter, ana? no, kiddo unknown... More measurement on diameter - hoping for reproducible results Whatman Quantitative Grade Papers Contd.; Diameter: 12.5cm; Whatman No.: 1440-125 Dixon Ticonderoga "Beginners" Large Diameter Wood Cased Black Writing Pencils with Erasers, 13/32 Inches, Six... Avery High Visibility 1-2/3 Inch Diameter White Labels 600 Pack (5293) Dixon Ticonderoga "Beginners" Large Diameter Wood Cased Black Writing Pencils with Erasers, 13/32 Inches, Six... Dixon Ticonderoga "Beginners" Large Diameter Wood Cased Black Writing Pencils with Erasers, 13/32 Inches, Six... Whatman Quantitative Grade Papers Contd.; Diameter: 12.5cm; Whatman No.: 1440-125
ALT TAB enables you to dynamically bring windows to the top of the list for a full preview ^AW Dynamically Changing Style with jQuery shared by All I want is some dynamically syncopated rim shots. Cr8ed fun chunk of code that dynamically transcribes HTML5 Canvas drawing methods to SVG Path string! Will b able 2 draw app gfx in InkScape This week's Dynamically Dumb award goes to Master Card for bone-headed TV ads featuring blue jean preferences of dead celebs. i said to u before...AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW<333333 trying to imitate windows 7 taskbar functionality where buttons would be added dynamically ... constructing columns dynamically Dynamically count exit link click-throughs using and MSWindows: ALT TAB enables you to dynamically bring windows to the top of the list for a full preview ^AW ... ive done ths w/ XP & now w/ Vista. ALT TAB enables U 2 dynamically bring windows forward. ALT TAB enables you to dynamically bring windows to the top of the list for a full preview ^AW Gerd Janson and his dynamically static sculpture and drawing (yeah, so?): ALT TAB enables you to dynamically bring windows to the top of the list for a full preview ^AW ALT TAB enables you to dynamically bring windows to the top of the list for a full preview ^AW C#.NET: Crystal for Sharepoint: An on building a Sharepoint to dynamically display Crystal ASP.NET: Crystal for Sharepoint: An on building a Sharepoint to dynamically display Crystal Repo.. Crystal for Sharepoint: An on building a Sharepoint to dynamically display Crys.. yep with a service, and of my frustration is actually cos im dynamically generating the xml, not just reading it. ouch. ETA is 5 to 7 days, was sent on review 3 days ago. On v2.2 everything is queryable dynamically, not statically. ALT TAB enables you to dynamically bring windows to the top of the list for a full preview If you're gonna go that route, why not just use google spreadsheets/forms and embed. Display can change dynamically with new data. How to bind to a dynamically created column in a datagrid in silverlight? Anybody using the MvcSiteMap know how to dynamically set the title of a View loaded via ajax? ALT TAB enables you to dynamically bring windows to the top of the list for a full preview New: Silverlight 3 dynamically loading the silverlight object with javascript: Hello, I have been scratching my head ab Todays bizness quote: only when you extend dynamically can you evolve intuitively. Get it? Okay, I talked shit about it, but I'm hooked on Just realized that you can dynamically resize <TEXTAREA> boxes on the fly. - when smaller, design on right has more space to breathe between elements but is not nearly as dynamically ple ... With Netezza to Enable Customers to Dynamically Visualize, Analyze Massive Data Sets: Flex-10 delivers the flexibility yo dynamically config VM channel performance if we know the items in the canvas then manual x y position ok but i have scenario where the items are added dynamically heya loved ur iphone app ... had a small doubt did u create dynamically a grid and interchanged the cell positions ? It all redirects to index.php except files that already exist, such as the admin folder. Then the page is created dynamically :) You can do it dynamically if you use regex though, I understand how it works but can't write it personally! B is prob ref EVE Online. The story the community makes is emergent, v. diff from the game dynamically generating story itself. Todays headache: styling a joomla table that is generated dynamically... Happy for the end of wrappers. let you dynamically add methods to individual instances by ExpandoMetaClass: feeling prep'd 4 my dc trip thx 2 it takes travel info from multiple vendors, updates dynamically & expo ... Feeling prep'd 4 my DC trip thx 2 It takes travel info from multiple vendors, updates dynamically & it in2 Outlook. Dynamically changing style with - New Post: Dynamically Change class Attribute From ASP.NET: I recently received a question from another.. New Post: Dynamically Change class Attribute From ASP.NET: I recently received a question from another.. Loading and resizing images dynamically Dynamically Changing Style with jQuery Using SMO For Dynamically Creating Stored Procedure and Database Tables in C#.NET: According to me, Giving a de.. building widgets which dynamically create code for a project extended mode with min font size of 18pixels & must-have dynamically refreshed content im fonts into the lib and using these on dynamically created TextFields. When i open the .fla for amends the linkages clear. Great turntablism: (not clipped, & not dynamically compressed loudness war shite).
-slows down car and peaks on the rear view mirror- Ok then. Can we park just anywhere? And you can drive the rest of the way. -laughs- twin peaks & UH las day.. closing time.. its fun!! the excitement in sales peaks in the end of the month!! Have not spied any bob cats here in the spanish peaks forest for some time now. Hope they are not gone from here for good. The Himalayas: Pictures of 14 peaks over 8'000 meters - What did David Lynch do? Besides blow my mind 15 years ago with Twin Peaks?~> Ditto! What did David Lynch do? Besides blow my mind 15 years ago with Twin Peaks? Good day! Got lots of fun stuff... Went to twin peaks to check out the bikini contest and got lots of models for my calendar. :) I'm gonna say it. Teetering Peaks is the best land in Zendikar that's not a fetch. It's super good. Here he is on Twin Peaks: And here's his IMDB page: Here he is on Twin Peaks: And here's his IMDB page: No. You want the 110" TV at Twin Peaks in Addison. bathed in candlelight, :: accentuated shadows :: and highlighted peaks. bathed in candlelight, :: accentuated shadows :: and highlighted peaks. The weird, creepy old man who walked very slowly on Twin Peaks had a bit in 'Every Which Way But Loose'. True. Also thinking that accessing US based services from Aus could be good - different usage peaks - result of time zone diff bathed in candlelight, :: accentuated shadows :: and highlighted peaks. What, no pie? Having my cup o' joe with Special Agent Dale Cooper this morning. Twin Peaks marathon on channel 161! bathed in candlelight, :: accentuated shadows :: and highlighted peaks. twin peaks is awesome. did ya watching from the very first episode? well spotted. STILL not all taurens are Druids. Having a history with cows I don't see them gravitating to high peaks. The Lost Symbol = slow but peaks interest abt 1/2 way through. Not as captivating as the other Langdon tales but still a read. 'I'll kiss your twin peaks underneath the strobe light!' Yay b-52s! Had dinner at Pad Thai at 8th & 16th tonight... and the music that they played included the X-Files and Twin Peaks theme songs. Topography- Peaks and Valleys- Vintage 80s Atlas 4bar Envelope Set thom york flea = new band. i feel like i just grew wings and ascended far past the peaks of the appalachians just in time for the sunrise. ahhhhh, see, i never watched twin peaks ... i was a big nerd and kinda young ... So the Tsunami in the bay area will be like 2 feet tall...RUN FOR YOUR LIVES MOTHA FUCKAS!!! HEAD FOR MISSION PEAKS!!! very nice, 4 peaks has awesome beer we made it out there just as the sun dropped below the peaks. Was still beautiful. Zomg have you watched the twin peaks episode of darkwing duck yet? Great time hanging out with and at 4 peaks before the Bon Iver show. (via Great time hanging out with and at 4 peaks before the Bon Iver show. "This game has valleys and peaks....expectations for dips...with precipitation we stack chips hardly" The only time I've been upset by a TV show cancellation was Twin Peaks, and that was 12 years AFTER it happened. Twin Peaks Guide - 6 Person Plus, Aluminum Just Added! Clise (Lima) posted a celebrity photo: (walk, the, square, me, mulholland, highway, smoking, peaks, empire, percent, ... well old man, apparently the average male's intellect peaks at 16, so you're the king of the world :) Training Peaks: TrainingPeaks member profile: Maryka Sennema, triathlete and Kona qualifier Full My new floor to ceiling make my office feel like a scene from Twin Peaks. Soooo, I'm jammin the soundtrack A cold wind blowing down from Twin Peaks. The trees are still green, but it's the first feel of fall. :-( twin peaks is having a bikini contest tomorrow and me and are gonna miss it. You better go Life is like climbing a mountain. Peaks, ridges, plateaus, and crevices. If all mountians were smooth, we can't climb them! Keep climbing! ahhh twin peaks!! i love it. absolutely bizarre but fun, or something. the prequel/full length film FREAKED ME OUT. PEAKS da Semana: "Sweet Dreams" (@Beyonce); in the U.S.A." (@MileyCyrus); e mais! Confira:
I usually take 30 seconds to make it mussy with a paste I have. Not too time consuming. :P What's your favorite meal of the day? Scanning is so boring and time consuming... I'm missing football for this why? :(
*laughs* what do you mean? The ripping clothes off or wet nekkid hugs? *innocent look* Maybe they mean that new talent keeps ripping him off? what's a good DVD ripping software? I Haven't done that in a while :) I also haven't gotten mail in days, I'm a bit nervous about my Netflix Would anyone else be down for dressing up like pirates and ripping shit up around SC this month? Holler! I know is down. Waitwaitwait... making them 8-bit or just ripping them? B/c I guarantee I'd SPOOGE all over a Poster Children tribute album. Hey, what was that show you said I was ripping off last night? I can't stop ripping on this guy,but i won't attempt to stop..did i mention to you all that he actually FOLLOWED me to get my tweets? LOL A song called money to blow when ppl are losing their jobs. Ripping a $10 the f on Drake But hopefully you won't be ripping off tree limbs and roofing as you go... will you? ;-) Wow, if I get bawdy, ribald, bodice-ripping fun in London then what I am I doing living like a (well, bad) nun in NYC????? I am "ripping" cd's to my iTunes. Was that the right lingo? .....How the Hell do you get the poor baby off the tape without at LEAST ripping off its footskin? What is the Best iTunes Audio Format to use during ripping from CD? WHAT??? Ripping what off??? Oh, wait. LMAO. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. What do you mean by ripping your stomach? They make you sleep because your body is getting used to the meds. People are STILL accusing SV of ripping off iron man?! F off!!!! Most of u didn't know who iron man was before the movie! Ask me how my ripping of my entire cd collection for the 3rd time is going? Let iTunes updated; now back to ripping my Clash Sandinista Cds... And feeling OLD. 1980? really. Doesn't seem possible. Nice summation & why is ripping kids off with half a cup of soup? Which is you ripping the internet from ya phone to your laptop ... I'm on my Nerd Shit today--- u jus heard of this??? ehhh........so...im ripping my muskles ....and they fixin themselvs...and...so thas exerzinsin???? ... -growls back, ripping your pants from your legs- Better? -lets your hands fall and pushes you harder against the wall.- I have done years of research on such airplanes. See my seaplane picture.... Boeing is ripping off government hahaha.."well did you try ripping em'?" love you bri ! p.s. member no grinding ! :P Another gorgeous day at the beach. Have you ever tried to get an 8yr old to do homework at the beach? (Ripping my hair out) can anyone recommend a free dvd ripping software I can download? is ripping it off the jersey as well?? why are you ripping Rodney Harrison? how many sb's have u won?oh sorry! mr.catchless!Loser too btw.. Omg Cheno's full songs from Glee are out! "Alone" <3 <3. How can I sing like Cheno? Brb ripping out my vocal chords and getting new ones. Huh? Oh, you meant me ripping that to pieces? :( ripping the walls out I assume. Call an inspector to see how bad the damage is and what all needs replacing? she told me she kept ripping them out when removing her Damn girl, when do you decide that just ain't work'n for ya? Am now ripping the Saks bag Eliz got. She bought face cream and they gave her a shopping bag of frre gifts. Why don't pet stores do this? Why is it that quitting smoking always has me on the verge of ripping out someone's spleen & strangling them with it? Politically sound pals have me researching.Whats w/Czars(um,fall of empires)?ACORN also ripping my out(making me wish i was a sniper!) felt like ripping up your tax return when your CPA informs you that your capital gains tax is over $250,000? The wind is ripping through san fran and I swear I heard tornado sirens blaring a moment ago! Did anybody else hear that? re: cole...haha.. whats the etiquette on writers/press ripping other press members?? just curious if there is a "code".... Will this not effect his CHILD I feel like I'm ripping the silver lining off the cloud. I'm hungry....I feel like hiding in a tree for hours camouflaged then upon seeing a deer ripping him in 2 with my axe. Who wants to eat? What in God's name did I do in a previous life to deserve DWP ripping up telephone poles just outside me door since TOO EARLY A.M. ??? Oh, I'm a fan. Bigtime. Ups and Downsizing is ripping! Wouldn't it be cool if this opened up to you? Love the Magazine ripping. remember that time you tried to stuff lettuce in your pockets at because they were "ripping us off?" Big nite. And send it to me?? Are you doing good? oh and the beurre rouge with do plan to be ripping that off, chef brian... Gordon Brown and his cancer talk = ripping off the West Wing's 100,000 Airplanes, y/y? 9,500 miles on the car and I need a full new set of tyres. What?? I'm not some boy racer ripping them up. Et tu, Chicago? This weather is killing me! Nothing like Chi-town wind ripping your face off!
Have a that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never -Charles Dickens Japan Hardens Talk Against Yen Strength: Thought manifests as word;word manifests as deed;deed dvlps in2 habit; habit hardens in2 character.We r wht we think~Buddha Japan Hardens Talk Against Yen Strength Margs wraps had an illegal substance that hardens b4 the fight That's no different then using brass knuckles I'm lickn dha head til he hardens than I'm puttin every inch in my mouth while I'm suckn & lickn til he bust a load "No, don't stop working the clay," the potter said. "You stop, and it hardens as it is." God, don't stop kneading me. Japan's finance minister hardens talk against yen strength: I'm having Venial ice cream with whip cream, a mini chocolate bar, and chocolate cream that hardens after a while. HHHMMMM Looks good!!! :) Of course it does! Especially as it hardens. Thought manifests as word; word manifests as deed; deed develops into habit; habit hardens into character...We are what we think." We have affiliates in Walker Michigan. Habit hardens into character. O-D-S-T Hardens my Wee Wee!! ... (x].-"Thought manifests as word; word manifests as deed; deed develops into habit; habit hardens into character...We are what we think." || All of Europe's and Israels and Afghanstan and Monteigo and Jerusalem and Micro China&Hardens& Phillipines Royalty are here, there or there. "Thought manifests as word; word manifests as deed; deed develops into habit; habit hardens into character...We are what we think." -Buddha "Thought manifests as word; word manifests as deed; deed develops into habit; habit hardens into character...We are what we think." the same sun that melts the wax hardens the clay We have affiliates in Charlotte Florida. Habit hardens into character. The thought manifest as the word. The word becomes the deed. The deed develops into habit. The habit hardens into character. The same sun that melts butter hardens clay How about modifiable Pocky? Either you can order custom flavors or you can dip the stick in a provided sauce that hardens? Old Puritan saying:" the same sun that melts the ice hardens the clay." A saying that fits when someone confronts our behavior WSJ: Japan's Fujii Hardens Talk Against Yen Strength Japan's Finance Minister Hardens Talk Against Yen Strength: By TAKASHI NAKAMICHI TOKYO -- Japan's finan.. Japan's Finance Minister Hardens Talk Against Yen Strength "Thought manifests as word; word manifests as deed; deed develops into habit; habit hardens into character...We are what we think." -Buddha "He has mercy on whomever he wills, and he hardens whomever he wills" Romans 9:18. Amazing grace!! "Thought manifests as word; word manifests as deed; deed develops into habit; habit hardens into character...We are what we think." -Buddha "He has mercy on whomever he wills, and he hardens whomever he wills" Romans 9:18. Amazing grace!! Japan News: Japan's Finance Minister Hardens Talk Against Yen Strength - Wall Street Journal manifests as wrd; word manifests as deed; deed develops in2 habit; habit hardens in2 char...We R wht we think." -Buddha Japan's Finance Minister Hardens Talk Against Yen Strength: By TAKASHI NAKAMICHI TOKYO -- Japan's finan.. Japan's Finance Minister Hardens Talk Against Yen Strength: By TAKASHI NAKAMICHI TOKYO -- Japan's finan.. Japan's Finance Minister Hardens Talk Against Yen Strength - Wall Street Journal: BBC NewsJapan's Finance M.. Japan's Fujii Hardens Talk Against Yen Strength Japan's Finance Minister Hardens Talk Against Yen Strength - Wall Street Journal: Japan's Finance Minister .. "Thought manifests as word; word manifests as deed; deed develops into habit; habit hardens into character...We are what ... Red Bull very very very bad for you! Hardens your Coffee or Espresso rather :-) Japan's Fujii Hardens His Rhetoric Vs Yen Strength: ... the negative effects of the yen's recent gains .. "Thought manifests as word; word manifests as deed; deed develops into habit; habit hardens into character...We are what ... "Thought manifests as wrd; word manifests as deed; deed develops in2 habit; habit hardens in2 char...We R wht we think." MindTree hardens on acquisition Japan's Fujii Hardens His Rhetoric Vs Yen Strength - Wall Street Journal billie lloyd uses this to meet friends. Habit hardens into character. Thought manifests as word;word manifests as deed; deed devlps in2 habit; habit hardens in2 character.We r wht we think~Buddha
"surprises are the Universe's gift to u, nudging u gently 2try new things, & grow in different new directions." Abundance Affirmation: "I am heir to the Universe's abundance. I need only claim it. Today I do." "....and we are just pawns in the universe's games" Making civilizations from life and universe's from that. JUST RELEASED: "Sunny" character for 3D Universe's Skye -- On sale $7.95 (reg. $12.95) Stargate Universe's Patrick Gilmore (@patrickgilmore) beats Stargate jinx (Edmonton Journal) - I need to remember to set the DVR for Stargate: Universe's premiere this Friday. Oh yeah? Did you have bacon and homemade blueberry muffins today? I think not. So we are even in the universe's hatred of us. loved life so much it scared you? Loved the universe? Loved the intricacy of the universe's ability to work through all of us :-) [KO] DC Universe Online Gets A Shot Of Green Arrow [Screens] : The DC Universe's other Green superhero make.. DC Universe Online Gets A Shot Of Green Arrow [Screens] : The DC Universe's other Green superhero makes his deb.. DC Universe Online Gets A Shot Of Green Arrow [Screens] : The DC Universe's other Green superhero makes his deb.. "Physics is the universe's operating system." - Steven R Garman [Kotaku] DC Universe Online Gets A Shot Of Green Arrow [Screens] : The DC Universe's other Green superh.. I know, like the universe's way of saying, "really, are you sure you want to spend this much on service fees?" What are you grateful for today? I'm grateful to be married to the love of my life, my family, a beautiful home, n the Universe's abundance. Why am I up so early? Is this the universe's way of saying I need to look for a job? watched a badass episode of The Universe on the History Channel and it was all about Paralell Universe's and Multiverse's,I loved it. You want I should kick the universe's ass? I got boots. I'd do that for you. Kissses To u O DOZO-INDIEMUSIC UNIVERSE'S BAND OF THE WEEK!, Koko Dozo are IndieMusic Universe's Band of the Week! "Physics is the universe's operating system." - Steven R Garman We are, very simply, the universe's consciousness of itself. The universe experiences itself through you! How amazing... How good can u bear it when e universe gives? Do u hv e right mindset 2 receive e universe's bountiful 4 e happy, healthy n sensual u? haha see? the internet has explanations to all of the universe's infinite mysteries! :D :D :D Unplugged the bathtub drain at midnight. If ridiculous chores like this are the universe's preview of fatherhood, put a bullet in me now. Is Murphy's law The Universe's answer to our hubris?: Is Murphy's law The Universe's answer to our hubris? Is Murphy's law The Universe's answer to our hubris? blog post: A Nerd's Guide To The Universe(S)- Episode 12!! New blog post: A Nerd's Guide To The Universe(S)- Episode 12!! Zhang He isn't gay, though. He's just the Koei universe's answer to Prince. "Consciousness . . . is the phenomenon whereby the universe's very existence is made known.", Roger Penrose Might be a good idea; I can tell you All about our universe's history, & you can pass it on to Scott. We've had a Crisis or two. Universe's rate expansion limits information civilization cn store, process could reach absolute limit in abt 600 years Haha. Every year I have to count backward to remember how old I am! Maybe it's the universe's way to say age doesn't matter! lungs still not fully working, cannot breathe outside. universe's way to show me not to meet with the ex for a walk. I think that was the universe's way of making sure I know what I'm about to do. Here we are to be Universe's rulers! ASKSTHANOS So you had the power to erase half of the universe's population and yet Tila Tequila continues to exist, What the hell? Sometimes the Universe's message is simply to stay the course. Hang in there and persevere. It takes a lot of strength to do nothing. Emotional, mental or physical pain is The Universe's way of telling you, 'stop doing that, it's not good for you'! ~ Creator Nature is the Universe's way of making sure we remember the magnificence of who we really are. Tell me about it, think's it's universe's way of testing us or something :( Sometimes the Universe's message is simply to stay the course. Hang in there and persevere. It takes a lot of strength to do nothing. Nature is the Universe's way of making sure we remember the magnificence of who we really are. is irritated with the universe's obsession with taunting til she writes a book about her life! Stop throwing these crazy experiences at me!! Nature is the Universe's way of making sure we remember the magnificence of who we really are. ...as though it is here now. That is your job. The HOW it will come about is the Universe's work.
Well its safe to say that saux will suck it up this year and the angels will dominate them in the play off :) Felix is about to dominate. Right next to the ball girl. This night could not get any better :) everyone follow bc we do dominate :D I missed you toooo much. You will dominate the gorilla and i will put the video on youtube :) cougars dominate :) played SJM again today, 47-8! COME HELP DECORATE THE LOUNGE AND LET'S DOMINATE THE OTHER HALLS!!! please, bring your friends!!!!! :) RIGHT?!?! Uno is my all time favorite card game. I dominate. Just ask Clint. I killed him :D congrats to you boys on the game today! Way to dominate! I have a feelings this season is going to be amazing! :) Pandas dominate our lives. Very happy :) Making banana nut muffins lol ... Pandas dominate our lives. Very happy :) ... went because ladies dominate at fantasy football and gtsr. :) seriously puts me in the best mood, EVER! I'm about to go dominate this math test now :D ignorance ftw! yup we shall dominate :) i have a stock of rock and its huuge There is no amount of leg talk that could ever, ever dominate the moment. That one goes down in Twistory! :D guessing when she googled "man riding public without pants," you came up first? good term to dominate. :) nb, ebook seems to dominate. so let's see what me and my editors can cook up that will be...awesome :) Im tired, but feeling pretty good :) i need to dominate on my stupid tests today. yes! i like to dominate : ) and i will Just watched the Cowboys dominate the Panthers!! : ) hehe, just two more hours here and she will dominate lol =) And the Eels will dominate anyway. :D WOW....Chica!!!! Dominate Dmitry....go on with your bad self....... :D bring it on--I will "Dominate!" :) I really am glad you are here call if you have any ?'s "Dont playa hate. Cuz i dominate." ha my favorite line in taptap revenge. :) then we can both dominate peoples lives! Haha jk :) got kal to fall asleep in her arms while watching our cowboys dominate :) i so dominate keelhulin cards im sims2 on DS :D LMFAO , you mean its going to dominate " google " ? LMFAO :D EPIC WIN ! :D:D:D:D soccer practice was great, Band Festival tomorrow night(we will dominate), this week will be one helluva ride :) Sweet! :) Thanks!! says i now uber love viwawa sushido now!! wahahaha! dominate my night life! Go Swick! Can't wait to watch you dominate :) HOMECOMEING 2009 IS HERE!! SENORS DOMINATE!!! :D :D :D getting ready for dodgeball tournament tonight! team 'ninja school dropouts' is ready to dominate!! :) getting ready for dodgeball tournament tonight! team 'ninja school dropouts' is ready to dominate!! :) Photo challenge: Shake up your creative mind! Shoot today (not for a client, please :) with your non-dominate eye.... Penguins to dominate east yet again in defense of their cup!!!! :) is ELATED that We Are Heroes won ABDC! Finally the gals get to dominate =) then tomorow we will dominate the trending topics with our bradie awesomeness :D Minor issues in life need to be changed, and some major projects are on their way. But life is good and I'm gonna dominate the obstacles. :) LOL. Did you dominate? In Monopoly, I mean. :) YESSSS we did :) and katie klein was prom queen. duh, we always dominate. miss you!!!!! hope all is well in the real world! "Love does not dominate; it cultivates" ~ Goethe // So true :) "Love does not dominate; it cultivates" ~ Goethe // So true :) "Love does not dominate; it cultivates" ~ Goethe // So true :) Is watching her Colts dominate. :) giants dominate. again. :) Hell yeaah! :) watching ABDC. WE ARE HEROES BETTER DOMINATE OVER AFROBORIDKE Was watching Cadel dominate the cycling last night :) I'm glad you noticed that they did dominate. :)
Harry Connick Jr queries Jackman blast: Music and Broadway star Harry Connick Jr does not agree with Hugh Jackm.. Harry Connick Jr queries Jackman blast: Music and Broadway star Harry Connick Jr does not agree with Hugh Jackm.. Missing and awesome feedback from - currently fielding queries from entire class on teachers health and wellbeing :( Receptionist Job in lahore, Pakistan: Receptionist receive and transfer phone calls, customer queries and feedb.. Harry Connick Jr queries Jackman blast Queries grapes are a tasty, career-making combination! And geez, you gotta put a leash on that eye of yours. Harry Connick Jr queries Jackman blast **\o/** Pwn those queries!! And have another grape! ;) Ugh. Rather than using a nice SQL JOIN for this complex query, they loop through all records and do two queries per loop. Too lazy to fix :( [Technical do I answer to any kind of queries published in me wow! You must be getting some good queries! Alpha Males and Rose: One of the terrific things about my job is the diversity of queries we get from clients. .. The best online place to interact with Guru's from Bangladesh, ask them queries, get your doubts solved and much more!! Any help for my problems re: accessing Your Telecom from my iPhone? Have responded to your queries... can't DM you though. thanks for the follow, it would be great to know about your feedback or queries about schoolhub Gotches with Queries in Script running slow? Ten ways to speed them up given here: Well I'm not blaming Django, even though it sounds like it. Trying to get sanity check. 121 queries for User edit in admin. ha! adding "rendezvous" probably won't help with bonjour/wine queries, either, but "printer" (or whatever) might. Okay something is seriously f'd up with Django 1.1. The generic relations are generating way too many queries. Try the User page in admin. Our internet is turned off and I feel cut off from information, I have had so many queries 2 look up since then its like I crave it... eweek: Google Worldwide Search Share Slips Tad as Queries Soar - Photos of our new paint colors here: Saw your queries about the cattail arrangement, so I photographed it, too! Commit: Renamed -> in queries.: Renamed Ouch. Try breaking it up into sets of 1k queries. For example, use phpmyadmin to large table w/data and look at its SQL. finishing up client requests - currently optimizing SSIS packages / adding a few additional queries into the nightly optimization routine Joomla Activity > Commit: Renamed -> in queries.: Ren.. postgres is not logging queries on my mac. ugh. this makes debugging code so much harder. Anyone have any tips for optimizing queries in MySQL? 5K rows, 6 values each... 2/10ths of a second? Anyone have any tips for optimizing queries in MySQL? 5K rows, 6 values each... 2/10ths of a second? Tried batching, not much help. New blog post: What Is Queries For Google Adsense For Search? Anyone have any tips for optimizing queries in MySQL? 5K rows, 6 values each... 2/10ths of a second? Tried batching, not much help. Re: If's/but's/reservations/queries ( GKP.L): Nothing to do with Long/Lat etc... In many cases it is the formation(s) where the Oil is b.. Lots of media queries on deadline today... Harry Connick Jr queries Jackman blast: Music and Broadway star Harry Connick Jr does not agree with Hugh Jackm.. Harry Connick Jr queries Jackman blast. Spent the day creating complex Database logic & queries. Queries are like brain teasers they keep your mind fresh. Harry Connick Jr queries Jackman blast. Please keep your 'queries' at a minimum. Harry Connick Jr queries Jackman blast. Harry Connick Jr queries Jackman blast. Harry Connick Jr queries Jackman blast: Harry Connick Jr queries Jackman blast. [Admin-Betty] To those us in America who'd like to help but don't know how, please address your queries and... Management Blog: queries Google's dominance: The new look also aims to offer a more human a.. RE: queries YES I'm going to be on tomorrow! Please tune in, I'm pretty excited about it! :D. Grats! Harry Connick Jr queries Jackman blast.
so bored ive resulted in playing digimon on a ds emulator which i download Hack it and keep it as a great emulator. more than selling it. Multiple System Emulator - ZXMAMECD v0.74 - Released I just installed a Palm emulator on my N800 so I can run Mobipocket and read DRM'd ebooks from the library. Any book suggestions? Finally found a good emulator for all the snes for me to play.Thing that sucks is that there is too many filesnon desktop which annoys me. New guilty pleasure: legend of zelda - a link to the past on our xbox emulator c64 emulator! Sweet now i need an iphone! SansAmp cabinet emulator vs Record's Line6 Guitar Amp. Just when I think I have "the sound" in one I tweak the other to make it sound better I found out the emulator is about 50 milliseconds off, so it's probably why punches and stuff seem delayed. How do I properly put a GBA emulator onto my PSP and use it?: I 'googled all the VE, but I can' t figur.. you use an emulator!!!! I don't have the gutts to do it. I want to but then I would be stealing games all the time. tweeting android now with HP48G emulator ! not really.. android still has a small list of apps, so for now i would go for the nokia (does it run hp 49 emulator?) How do I properly put a GBA emulator onto my PSP and use it?- I 'googled all the VE, but I can' t figure out how to... N900 SNES emulator Wiimote TVout. No jailbreaking, just click-to-install... SWEET! Finally got my DC emulator working with my 360 controller, with perfect sound... now wheres Shenmue... I always loved 'It is dark. You are likely to be eaten by a grue.' :) I'm dl'ing an emulator right now. OpenEmu is a cool new Mac emulator framework - loving it! (Sega Genesis, SNES, NES, etc..) Trying to get the gba emulator working for the ds iplayer. Its not going so well... I WANT TO PLAY POKEMON. /turns on emulator on computer so I can play Diamond Another Naomi emulator? How'd I miss that? Another Naomi emulator, how N900, SNES emulator, wiimote TV-out. No jailbreaking, just click-to-install. With Linux, everything is possible. ... the file with my Geek Prom music is up on :-D it's a tape image, and it can be run in the VICE C128 emulator. En MarlexSystems: Javascript NES Emulator Awesome find. Would be cool if an emulator incorporated this into metadata. um. You need to download a SNES emulator alas. :( not sure but I don't think there's been console Parodius since the Sega Saturn I'm predicting emulator searches are going to explode for Beat 'Em and Eat 'Em thanks to Gameswipe. I WANT TO PLAY POKEMON. /turns on emulator on computer so I can play Diamond I WANT TO PLAY POKEMON. /turns on emulator on computer so I can play Diamond N900, SNES emulator, wiimote TV-out. No jailbreaking, click-to-install. w/ Linux SNES emulator, wiimote TV-out. | WANT! How Can I Lower The Quality Of Pcsx2 Emulator So That It Will Run Faster? Are Their Any Plugins For This? N900, SNES emulator, wiimote TV-out. No jailbreaking, click-to-install. With Linux, all is possible. emulator going.. but you can't just load it all willy nilly.. when the time comes I'll try and look stuff up if ya need help sup producer friends!! im looking for E-Mu Emulator X3 download know where i can find it? if so or you have it Hit my Aim " youngcee19 " Just had an ubergeek moment when I used my Mac ii emulator to open a Mac sit file. This is a sign I need a Mac. A pretty royal blue one. I think I can still remember the solution to Bak 2 Skool. Wonder if you can get a Spectrum emulator on Android? N900 SNES emulator Wiimote TVout. No jailbreaking, just click-to-install. W/ Linux everything is possible I think I can still remember the solution to Bak 2 Skool. Wonder if you can get a Spectrum emulator on Android? emulator,wiimote TV-out.No jailbreaking,just click-to-install.With Linux,everything is possible. i think i've just nerded myself out..downloaded a GBA emulator and is currently playing Pokemon Ruby on my laptop. life is great I favorited a YouTube video -- me playing south park rally on the nintendo 64 emulator experiencing heady ZX Spectrum nostlagia from watching Get me an emulator for Vista. Or iPhone. N900 SNES emulator Wiimote TVout. No jailbreaking, just click-to-install... I WANT TO PLAY POKEMON. /turns on emulator on computer so I can play Diamond I WANT TO PLAY POKEMON. /turns on emulator on computer so I can play Diamond N900 SNES emulator Wiimote TVout. No jailbreaking, just click-to-install. W/ Linux everything is possible several IDEA instances android emulator with ubuntu several browsers=no memory for warcraft3 :(
Check out Yeti's new home page features and the new ASR 5 i love it... our soccer team name was the Yeti's and people would always ask... "whats a yeti", then I would have to explain! what? only 6 new videos from schladming world cup posted today? must be a slow day. yeti's new site too! - queen yeti, when does those babyy yeti's drop?/ it colder than a yeti's taint Like near the Balabes' house, where's that little pool, awkwardy looking pretty much like a giant yeti's footmark? glad to hear that you haven't been swallowed up by any snowpeople or yeti's! tallyho! Yeti's and Bullshit all night with We Yeti's and Bullshit all night with We I love seeing fat people on Hammocks...its only a matter of time b4 the strings bust & the Yeti's collapse! I love seeing fat people on Hammocks... its only a matter of time b4 the strings bust at the Yeti's collapse! Halloween oreos = the bee's knees. The cat's pajamas. The yeti's confetti, if you will. well to tell you th truth i'm going 4 the wine, beer,food and dancing my arse off. Not 2 fussed on the yeti's or the guys ;) Ahaha Yeti's cant dance, they more just flail around drunkenly :P They're damn good at the Macarena though :P Very well thank you. The Yeti's visits around the UK have slowed down and so maybe it is planning its next trip to America! backyard has turned into a swamp & the dogs have become yeti's... backyard has turned into a swamp & the dogs have become yeti's... I keep seeing this pavement ad or something like that, so yeti's next big thing eh? I really hope Yeti's take off big. Something need to finish the zombies that still plague media. wishlist includes: coat of yeti's fur Yay for Yeti's! Now that would be awesome. I love Raimi and yeti's are just...cool. the next line in that WIP talks abt the yeti's pendulous, furry breasts. What is WRONG with me? i know field day is late this year, but i don't suspect there will be any yeti's in attendence. (we shall see.) there such thing as yeti's trevor i know field day is late this year, but i don't suspect there will be any yeti's in attendence. more than half of the world's bio-diversity have not been discovered by science, so why rule out loch ness monsters, yeti's.
Why has nobody told me before today that Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee is now 360 compatible? And why do they ignore Stranger's Wrath? :( No :( i called her about an hour ago, low batt na sya, but they are still in a stranger's car, mas mataas daw kasi yung kotse. yes!!!!! i went to this stranger's last time and missed the beginning (the major :( i'm so excited for you :).
Obsessing over Orchestra gig. Fearing mother wont appreciate the marvelousness of such an exceptional band The Ken Burns PBS series on our National Parks. is just exceptional, very glad he put it together. Obsessing over Orchestra gig. Fearing mother wont appreciate the marvelousness of such an exceptional band been watching that tonight too! Exceptional. Kaminey for good music and exceptional lyrics. Delhi 6 has some exceptional songs but the entire album isnt good yeah, exceptional Broadway Cafe today, I do say so myself. The next one will be great too, my punch card is full. Free Latte! Exceptional beauty of Thailand, Stock Photos for FREE duck homework and exceptional learner book clubs Exceptional spas, are you listed in our new directory? for deets and advantages Network Marketing: has always had exceptional growth during difficult economic times Network Marketing: has always had exceptional growth during difficult economic times Network Marketing: has always had exceptional growth during difficult economic times Network Marketing: has always had exceptional growth during difficult economic times Network Marketing: has always had exceptional growth during difficult economic times Network Marketing: has always had exceptional growth during difficult economic times Network Marketing: has always had exceptional growth during difficult economic times PRINCETON: The school is working hard to open its doors to exceptional low-income students... 30 Exceptional Lamps and Lights Design - TomTom ONE 125 GPS Navigation System - 3.5" Touchscreen!: Fully loaded and backed by exceptional revie.. Exceptional beauty of Thailand, Stock Photos for FREE I am refusing to be anything less than exceptional. Power 96's Official Dj Company. Have a Power 96 DJ at your next event! Exceptional quality, dependability and professionalism Strange Arrangement is exceptional... Truly a dope vehkud. *PROPS* Life During - interesting concept done lazily; Invention of Lying - an exceptional studio comedy, far superior to Ghost Town. updated CV- skills: bullet point one - extensive experience and exceptional ability to have tea with the ladies I heard through the grapevine that Himalayan salt is exceptional for acid reflux and great for gourmet cooking! Currently reading: The Exceptional Story of the Boy Who Harnessed the Wind Exceptional Self by Sir Anthony van Dyck to Feature in Sotheby's Sale Exceptional Self by Sir Anthony van Dyck to Feature in Sotheby's Sale Is delighted to be experiencing such a beautiful Fall, and it isn't on the ice! Gorgeous weather, beautiful colors, exceptional season. :) I can't stop laughing over the exceptional idiot comment. so true! and she's so generous with it. i do have my fun...she's an exceptional idiot Exceptional OT Job in a GREAT Location?Aberdeen, SD hahah thanx :) I don't think I am exceptional, I think I am just another joe here. I seriously thing so not just saying :) I didn't think it was exceptional, I thot it was pretty normal. I have to be exceptional to get the nice looking ladies? :P but he crash lands or causes one in EVERY MOVIE!!! Exceptional flying skills to be sure. Exceptional beauty of Thailand, Stock Photos for FREE Calling it a night I had a rather exceptional NIGHT!!!!(hint-hint)...LOL...;-) In a downturn economy, design must be exceptional in bridging immersion to a valued experience. (via 'Fluke' saves cache of rare wines (source: A cache of 40 exceptional wines including a Jeroboam .. aren't YOU exceptional?! ;) Exceptional PTA Job in a GREAT Location?Greenville, OH love to generate the myth that we are exceptional people with secret "talent" that no one else really has.. (its true) Doing things differently leads to something exceptional. Exceptional spas, are you listed in our new directory? for deets and advantages
Mormon life motto nobody of another religion is allowed into the temple cuz they aren't Mormon girl life motto I can suck dick as long as I don't have sex I can get married in the temple Temple of Pain: Sony Walkman HD va por el iPod Vazhai Vettu: Marking the end of Navarathri Festival @ Sammankodu Sri Kathirvelaiyutha Swamy temple: Indiana Bones and the Temple of Womb. Just purchased 10 Water Temple Twilight 's Temple Hill Buys Conrad's L.A. Candy Now Playing: Temple Of The Dog - Hunger Strike -- LISTEN NOW: -- mp3: GOT YO BALLS SUCKED LIKE DEY WAS SOME CHERRIES IN A SHIRLEY TEMPLE...LOL I just received the Molton Brown Temple Soother and can't wait another 6 hours to pop it on. It's too good to wait. Here's to a restful arvo it's usually the strain on the temple that causes headaches. NOW PLAYING: Stone Temple Pilots - Atlanta Heard by 0 listeners at Been to Virabhadra Temple at Lepakshi, built in the mid-16th century, ruins of Vijayanagara Empire. Now playing: Stone Temple Pilots - Creep -- LISTEN LIVE: -- mp3: %mp3 Just Added: "The Tiger Temple at Kanchanaburi, Thailand" : bangkok phuket pattaya New "The Beer Bottle Temple at Sisaket, Thailand" : bangkok phuket pattaya Upon review: Looking back at Temple's 37-13 win over Buffalo, let's see how th.. u already know the drop coming! Lol they temple bruhs? Them my boys! I walked through the huge Wat Pho (Reclining Buddha temple) yesterday. The fig tree is about the temple.... Who knew... Indies' Top 10 Pop For September is on! Hear from The Westar, Monday's Fiction, Temple Scene and more Woot. Just figured out how to reset the root password on a media temple vps...my life is now much easier. ReliOn Temple Touch Thermometer No knockout punch: Temple leads but can't finish off Bryan in key 12-5A match kristen6906 - Playing SONIC UNLEASHED; In Mazuri (day) In a Temple of Gaia "In my distress I called to the LORD; I cried to my God for help. From his temple he heard my voice; my cry came .. into his ears" Ps 18:6 Spending the night in temple! TEMPLE OF THE KING ( Am ) Rainbow...>>> One day the year of the fox come a time remember well when the .. John 5:14...Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, behold, thou made whole: sin no more lest a worse thing come unto thee. "You bit me!" "Haha!" "I'm gonna bite your temple." -both of us crack up- -ten seconds later- "wait, what?" time with Evan... Army wants Seastrunk: Temple star selected for U.S. Army All-American Bowl GOT STONE TEMPLE PILOT TICKETS!!! ... GBT will host a community giveaway Thur. thru Sat., Oct. 1-9, on the Youth Temple lawn. Used furniture, odds and ends, all free of charge! Huge Hindu temple in Shah Alam in 3 years. via CORE GROUP failed big time...bad management and no follow up on program engaged; reminds me of Ezekiel 41; temple details all in place okay *sits down and alfred comes in and hands the drinks to people looks to diana and says* i brought you a shirley temple* room clean! laundry time. cant wait 4 da temple 2mrw wid my sis.. Fitness Requirement Puts Killeen Police Jobs On the Line (KCEN-DT Temple): A fitness test fo.. maGoh at 8 tomorrow night in the Cougar Den! "repent & believe." THA TEMPLE Friday night in the Cougar Den 8-12! FREE! GOT STONE TEMPLE PIOLET TICKETS!!! ... Just got tickets for Stone Temple Pilots... In Victoria! What!?! Another Chef/Sidney Poitier moment for me. SRG questionnaire in Hindu Temple book dislodges these rogues from the perches they acquire through repeated lies and deceit "Your body is a temple, but how long can you live in the same house before you redecorate?" ~Author Unknown Live goats highlight rabbi's message to Temple Emanu-El children (Palm Beach Daily News) Food for Thought: Shirley Temple Popsicles Hell naw if a bitch tried to kiss me ever i would prolly kick her in her temple...lol
ALL PROCEEDS from BABY BOY go directly towards the of Mankind Incorporated our global ... Have you been to Hillers? The grocery store. They might have some of the food you seek. Actually, overstated that tweet - the sanctions I don't are the bill on refined petroleum ALL PROCEEDS from BABY BOY go directly towards the of Mankind Incorporated our global ... Travel Thailand Free - Thai Tutorial. - primary reason I like QB - everything is standardized and making changes is easy. Plus, at tax time. .@haaretzonline Lulav growers: Egyptian are pushing down prices. A top-quality lulav from Kibbutz Tirat Zvi, Yahoo Top News: Iran Sanctions: Would Blocking Gas Tehran? Yahoo Top News: Iran Sanctions: Would Blocking Gas Tehran? Yahoo Top News: Iran Sanctions: Would Blocking Gas Tehran? Yahoo Top News: Iran Sanctions: Would Blocking Gas Tehran? Yahoo Top News: Iran Sanctions: Would Blocking Gas Tehran? Yahoo Top News: Iran Sanctions: Would Blocking Gas Tehran? Yahoo Top News: Iran Sanctions: Would Blocking Gas Tehran? Yahoo Top News: Iran Sanctions: Would Blocking Gas Tehran? Yahoo Top News: Iran Sanctions: Would Blocking Gas Tehran? Yahoo Top News: Iran Sanctions: Would Blocking Gas Tehran? you still need realflow right? that just the meshes right? China denies placing restrictions on EU pork - Zikkir World (blog) Drug dealers lose out to higher-quality from China. Ban Canadian of Dog and Cat Fur: Bing News: Coast Introduces Modern Design Accessories from the ... - website design news> Coast Introduces Modern Design Accessories from the ... Handmade Timepieces from Coast it ur facebook contact emails? Haaretz:Lulav growers:Egyptian pushing down prices:A top-quality lulav from Kibbutz T.. this: Would Sanctions on Gas Really Iran? Would Sanctions on Gas Really Iran?: this: Would Sanctions on Gas Really Iran? Its terrible to say but I cant wait for the The Saturdays Wordshaker to release. What? Its not like I can buy it anyway. Frickin (Haaretz) Lulav growers: Egyptian are pushing down prices : A top-quality lulav from Kibbutz T.. Feedzilla Iran Sanctions: Would Blocking Gas Tehran? (source: TIME) Quality owner injured in vintage motorcycle accident (UPDATED): OKALOOSA COUNTY -- A Niceville man was .. Iran Sanctions: Would Blocking Gas Tehran?: Talk of new sanctions to press Tehran on its nuclear p.. Ban Canadian of Dog and Cat Fur in japan, fords are sayin. BABY BOY is now full stocked! Check out what we have now. Azurashop DSR GROUP AND And because the U.S. dollar remains strong, our decrease and increase, making trade deficits bigger over time as we consume A smiling Julia Gillard on the cover of the Oct issue of the Monthly - & by Elliot Perlman on parallel - time to read! 2% Increase for Customs There will also be an increase in trash disposal, cigarettes, non-essential... Good story about U.S. hormone free beef into France. When will ban this practice? From a reader's perspective: YES! Parallel from 30-day rule to 0-day rule? Would it work? US of Canadian Oil Rise to Record in July How Badly Would Sanctions on Gas Iran?
MUST I SAY WOW! that is one hot display pic...very very smexxi :D btw is that like fog? or what?and finally not just an arm! :P Feeling better today, almost "normal," out of most of the mental fog and physical creakiness/unsteadiness... :-) Now for the paperwork :-( yay! you made it safely there :) driving in fog IS pretty scary though. :( The sun came out!!! Too bad I'm dressed for fog :( jerk sun is playing with my emotions.. good thing Antioch stays hot :D Fog on the marlin grounds - lovely :( should even things if no one can see s@$t tho :)
beautiful :D (i propose renaming) Cleaning tomorrow's Pen of the Day. Any guesses? JON GOT KICKED OFF OF THE SHOW! theyre renaming it "Kate Plus Eight" :) Shouldn't have been this hard to make custom ring tones on my iPhone. But after alittle file renaming... Aggie war hymn :) actually CRPS is renaming RSD...RSD was an inaccurate name, did u see my blog post on this? I'm rapt :D you can change the .txt to .htm by renaming the file :) ah, I thought you were renaming it based on your last tweet :-) renaming colors 'swayamvar channel' is another proposal :D renaming my cat asteezy :) Do you have 100 blogs, or do you keep renaming them? :D Still have a headache. Buuuut my videos finished uploading! Im just renaming them all :D well thanks, but I know how! :) about renaming to .m4r and changing the length, etc? I'm thinking that renaming the puppy Apollymi was a GREAT idea.... now if I could get her to stop being so bossy with the other two :-) The MusicBrainz tagger seems to be doing a good job or renaming the files. Crisis over :) Hello Mary Washington University. I love you. I'm renaming "you're my style" to "Zac Effron, you're my style." Good Night :) - I Sparkle...Do You? We were 'renaming' books in class today, so me and my friend made this up. :) it's for Tw ... Edinburgh group has lost nearly 200 members since renaming. They're every time someone mentions the 'f' word :) Guys, I'm renaming my pet rock Tommy :) Ha! That's it, I'm renaming Nate K-en! the Social Security Administration)... Love the post! :) you might want to concider renaming your "show" there is already a pwndcast :) oh hell yea... Snow Leopards UTI now knows that .docx files are also zip archives, meaning I can unzip them in a pinch without renaming :D im thinking of renaming wednesday to ham and piccalilli sandwich day :) i effin love i'm renaming the show "joy's View" bc that's all i really wanna hear. :) "The council received abusive letters after renaming the pudding" <-- the mob has spoken! Don't mess with our culture. :D :) *looks sheepish*. ok, renaming:
-Newest! way GET Paid $500 - $3500 Per Month! Simple Online Surveys. Now. More Surveys Agree: Web and Non-Web Data Must Be Integrated New blog post: Think You Can Earn Via Paid Online Survey - Explore Online Job Called Paid Surveys New blog post: Paid Online Surveys - Surveys Can Give Your Mom a Job at Home some surveys are such a joke! can filling out surveys really give me some extra cash... i think so but its not really easy... it really is like a little time job.... Filling Out Surveys are very easy to do, by doing so you will help us gain information used in research & you will be rewarded! surveys on myspace;;; nothing else to do! add me Compiling a list of the big brand surveys in Asia - Media TNS top 1000, superbrands, BAV, Brand Z - are we missing anyone? Online Surveys Database. We Give Our Customers Access To Over 3000 Paid Surveys Sites, Bonus Items And Free Software. BAV, Brand Z, Superbrands, Media - TNS Asia top 1000 - am I missing any of the big brand surveys for Asia? Anyone know where I can watch the hills season 6 ep 1 w/o answering any stupid surveys?! Getting frustrated! Get Paid to Fill the Best Online Surveys Easy Sign Up Today Work From Home For Things You Know Probability Surveys More Accurate than Online Panels (#marketing Employment surveys are the most ridiculously fucking stupid thing ever created by humanity. New blog post: Survey - The Advantages of Online and Email Based Surveys Limited time discount offer on 123Cash Surveys, check out the simple earnings calculator Limited time discount offer on 123Cash Surveys, check out the simple earnings calculator Get Paid to Fill the Best Online Surveys Easy Sign Up Today Work From Home $ For Things You Know Pshh I use myspace still. Mainly just for band bulletins and taking surveys when I'm bored...lol. Which paid surveys are the best? Forms in Google Docs highly recommended for conducting online surveys & polls - Tired of annoying CPA surveys? Watch here without them at Ever made money answering surveys your friends make, no spam! Connect with facebook! 250$ weekly raffle also awesome profile were you can get $657 a week online posting surveys - this site Surveys show that 62 percent of dog owners admit that their dog owns a sweater, wintercoat or raincoat. Surveys show that 62 percent of dog owners admit that their dog owns a sweater, wintercoat or raincoat. you almost just made me read one of your bulletins by your deceiving title.. c'monn bro.. i can't be doing surveys right now.. haha I should not take surveys after her. hate surveys....! they don't do anything good!.... You can get paid to read emails, try products, take surveys, shop online. Pays you $5 for signing up Incredible! Get paid to read emails, try products, take surveys, shop online. Get $5 when u sign up Incredible! Get paid to read emails, try products, take surveys, shop online. Get $5 when u sign up Apparently someone posted something from me about online surveys? How does that happen? Anyone know??? Scary! BLOG: surveys: Miley CyrusI try to act a lot older than Get Rewards and Points Taking Surveys! Get Gift Cards and More. Sign Up here for Free! Conan's "Celebrity Surveys" makes me feel like an idiot. I'm laughing hysterically by myself... Incredible! Get paid to read emails, try products, take surveys, shop online. Get $5 when u sign up Conan's celebrity surveys ROCK MY WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love "celebrity surveys" Open Question: Is open to all countries?: I have been researching about online paid surveys. It.. Incredible! Get paid to read emails, try products, take surveys, shop online. Get $5 when u sign up Incredible! Get paid to read emails, try products, take surveys, shop online. Get $5 when u sign up surveysite that has great paying surveys nearly everyday: Get Paid Money By Google, Yahoo, Microsoft, Apple To Work Filling Out Surveys While You Tweet, Watch Conan, Fallon Get Paid to Fill the Best Online Surveys Easy Sign Up Today Work From Home For Things You Know Incredible! Get paid to read emails, try products, take surveys, shop online. Get $5 when u sign up New:: Free Paypal Money Not - A.w. Surveys Is A Scam You can get paid to read emails, try products, take surveys, shop online. Pays you $5 for signing up
i will except this excuse for now member how we put that green stuff on our nose so we could distract and steal my moms cigarretts yeah, he said the PE stuff is useless. I hate my nose. hah I kno im l8 2 the do u really want a hole n ur nose. Ur beautiful & can pull off any look just make sure that I hate when people suck the the snot up there nose when they are sick.. Ugh just get some tissue and *BLOW* I got something fa ya nose I went nose to nose with my dog and said "I own you." He licked my nose. oww.. nose bleed. hahaaha. that's awesome. :)) best definition i've heard so far. :D my nose is stuffy, my eyes puffy. Im dizzy and my nose itches. our guys missed the point tht air india is surviving on life systems. time 2 take bold action b4 water rises above the nose Sept. 30, 1861: A Novelist With a Nose for Disaster: Happy to the man who, in a prescient novel, will .. I feel infused with infinity today. Or possibly I just have a runny nose. Me too! My nose is peeling worse than an onion. I need to get my hands on some aloe gel. :( had sex and u had to get and blow ur nose case it was runnin I'm having a hard time focusing on this laptop screen, It's way way past my bed-time followers and my stuffy nose is blowing minds G-nite! *crinkles my nose, still kissing you.. pulls away*.. do you smell that? cum make me u wide nose bass(fish) lol is hungry and amused with her nose stud. so glad my nose stopped bleeding it was like niagra falls saw pub quiz is lide last night was fantastic Banking Trojan steals money from under your nose Banking Trojan steals money from under your nose: The does not say. by timber2005 September 29, 2009 6:.. thinks everyone in this world is a suck-up, even though they'd probably deny it. Hell I'm one to brown-nose (see I don't deny it). hola chica! Nm. My nose is clogged and I can't really breathe. U? Lol Banking Trojan steals money from under your nose No nose fixins on my bed Got a stuffy nose and a whole day in class ahead of me. I have a fat ugly nose... In this picture it looks worse :-( I want to have a pretty face Sept. 30, 1861: A Novelist With a Nose for Disaster - Happy to the man who, in a prescient novel, will for... Sept. 30, 1861: A Novelist With a Nose for Disaster - Happy to the man who, in a prescient novel, will for... Sept. 30, 1861: A Novelist With a Nose for Disaster - Happy to the man who, in a prescient novel, will for... Sept. 30, 1861: A Novelist With a Nose for Disaster - Happy to the man who, in a prescient novel, will for... Ma nose is sore..smh ----anything I could do for you? *nudges nose against you and continues* Life Motto: Don't cut off your nose to spite your face. Cut it off to spite your parents. I hate bein sick, my nose is all stuffed up... :( Ew I think I have a cold. I can't stop coughing, my nose is running, and I feel really nasty. Lovely. Finding it hard to sleep when I can't breathe and nose is sore. - This it the new black barbie she comes with a wider nose, fuller lips, high check bones, and curlier....I lik ... The man was dragged to a funhouse by his wife. He suffered from Bozo-phobia. She wanted him to overcome this fear. He wore a red nose. grrrr stupid hayfever again. my nose is so itchy!! great! I wouldn't call it work!lol my nose is stuffy..=( how come that happens when I talk to u? all I can do is pick my nose & wait. Ugh I can't sleep my nose is stuffed...just wen I thought I was gettin over this cold! runny nose ,,sucks like hell Trying so hard not to unleash the grammarNazi in me right now. *clenching fists* (typing w/ nose) lol is that more better?! my head is pounding, my throat is burning and my nose cries for tissues every two seconds. blahhhh ...and slid them into cardboard tubes. She was far more attractive as a thin woman, with plush lips and a needle nose and... haha. :) i saw your award. lol first bloody nose. Getting ready for bed, it's 1:38 AM and I need to wake up at 8am for school -_- Listening to: 20 Dollar Nose Bleed by Fall Out Boy Free Admission, pay thru ur nose on the way out. Harvey Norman Expo Sale, Expo Hall 6B, 02-04 Oct 09, 11am-9pm, Free Admission
Would you tell me something about the Statue of :D Nono joke...write a classtest about it tomorrow .. that sucks :(
EMC Ideas Perfect 10 Sues Google Over Infringement in Canada: Perfect 10 has filed another copyright s.. Maybe It was the Real song AND THAT's WHY Universal maybe deleted it for copyright ... :s The 1996 WIPO Copyright Treaties: 10 Years Later. Copyright's Compromise Copyright's 'Love Robot' on Opus Underground Glad to hear they took them down! Do you have a copyright(s) for your blog/recipes/photos? its not working anymore due copyright :S..:( Is it any good?
Happy International Translation Day. I wish it were linked to something more secular than a saint's feast, but you take what you can get.... BTW, I'm what can best be described as a "secular catholic" so it's like a jew telling jewish jokes. or something :) That plaque is awesome... so secular.. so true! Saying he didn't want his child exposed to secular evil. And that's not even the crazy stuff they did. lol Blasphemy law is the final straw: new campaign for a secular Irish Constitution Why religious communes succeed and secular ones fail Majority of India will say Yes to new places of Worship. But secular people wnt to root out religions (and thus spirituality) The older I get,the more often secular humanist utopianistas have me laughing out loud.They don't trust in,they gamble on the future beingOK In Dharm-Pran bharat we have secular govt which can't provide free land for temples, churches, mosques. Susan.Don't let the secular humanists get you down. They preach a dead end "gospel" of only death after death. VERY funny really. United States is offically secular, should be enforced. Every store should be mandated to have someone there on all times who No, your working at a SECULAR store. Don't like it, leave. "religious zealots" have been accused of "controlling" US. Don't think so. 24/7 all I see & hear is secular garbage. (unless you search) Secular Examiner heads to the Atheist Alliance International Convention - no no, secular isn't scary. I'm not seeing a LESS secular world, only more fundaMENTALists so got lost on what prayers Not sure I follow U but.. Secular world might still B scary & lacking reason but still A LOT better than w/religious insanity From friend, Nathan...not sure of origin: "Nature looks provokingly stable & secular but it has a cause like all the rest; & when once... sarcasm obvious but where am I missing the secular world of reason that you speak of. Prayers answered, I only see scary ppl Blasphemy law is the final straw: new campaign for a secular Irish Constitution Obviously I'm just joking about praying! I am hoping fervently for a rational secular world run by reason. this country was founded as a secular nation, just read up on John Adams and Jefferson's letters if you need research. Wow amazing just read a tweet.. amazing how even the secular world are seeing the signs of times in real life. You have a valid point, I'm optimistic though. I think it will be an easier transition toward secular than we think. Europe is a America's subtle change from religious to secular ???? who still separates music "secular/gospel" ??? Tell them to shut up mo! Like convo's vary so does music topics! Duh! Jesus Blasphemy law final straw new campaign 4 secular Irish Constitution Jesus Christ! Crazy. Blasphemy law final straw: new campaign for secular Irish Constitution Michael Bivens? Maaaan, Mike was in BBD not BDP!>>>opps my bad had a weird childhood..limited secular stuff "Spiritual" in a secular, musical way, I hasten to add. Repealing the Blasphemy Law and Getting a Secular Irish Constitution - [@hemantmehta] I remember that, it was a drug interaction, not 'overdose', it was the secular haters that misrepresented, later corrected. Re-affirm & re-establish Malaysia as a secular country to curb religious discrimination For the BT's and Ger out there who were previously "secular" what was it like, "coming out" to your old friends and family? BBC EU: Treading gently: Pope plays safe as he ventures into secular Europe I am agnostic. I am also a Jew . The majority of Israel are secular as am I. How much longer until America becomes secular progressive?? i wish that ppl could see that secular music is like 2nd hand smoke you dont see the effects and you dont inhale it but the way Secular Yom Kippur was a complete success. The end celebrated with a cigarette. from Christ and I can feel it anytime i enjoying any secular hip-hop. I know fam. Here's how I know. Christian hip-hop lead me to Christ (thru the Holy Spirit). Secular music leads me away Blasphemy law is the final straw: new campaign for a secular Irish Constitution - what, you're not Irish? was born secular, and inconsolable. ... When someone tells u the west is pretty much secular, ask them what year it is. When they say '2009' ask: '2009 yrs from what?' Indeed my friend. I believe in a secular, democratic government where free elections will eventually choose the leader. "secular vs gospel" foolishness (YES INDEED) <Sacred vs Secular THERE is a Difference> I 2nd this!!! "secular vs gospel" foolishness *TRUE "secular vs gospel" foolishness
had frozen oreos dipped in peanut butter & topped w/ jar Marshmellows =) < naww sounds nasty =/ Movie and frozen with my girls after an exhausting night of packing goods. :) errands and editing jobs after! had frozen oreos dipped in peanut butter & topped w/ jar Marshmellows =) ---sounds great! had frozen oreos dipped in peanut butter & topped w/ jar Marshmellows =) plz follow me ! i would be soo happi i would like be frozen in shock then scream then jump with joy :D With my buddy at Kinleys having some frozen and waiting on hot chocolate :) Enjoying a nice bowl of frozen grapes :D movie night with frozen pizza, flaming hot funyuns, and milano cookies. gonna be a good night :) taco bell and frozen thin mints. I love freezing everything!!!!!! :) oh and HW too... today schedule: GYM, HIPHOP DANCE, grab Frozen THAI BOXING, Dinner :) Lol, nah he eats frozen and thawed meat. Some special mixture :D I couldn't feed live stuff, I'd get upset! Poor mice-lings :o at blizzberry's enjoying some bombass frozen :D BIG sigh of relief!! Ay maraming salamat Po :))) going to get a big bowl of frozen and watch the sunset on the bridge :) Twitterville, hell has frozen over! Not only did I GO to the gym, but I ALSO worked out! :-) is eating frozen :D Listening to "Frozen Twilight" by God is an Astronaut. Beautiful song ^_^ What are you coming out for? Do you want any SF-specific frozen food advice? :) me too! makes me feel so happy! ops I hate cold days! hahaha im frozen right now! :) great ur doing well,how is ur cute boy? Hi girl!!!!! how are you? im frozen here! it's a very cold day! grrrrr!! :) listening you? xoxo I will! :) how are you? im frozen here! it's a cold cold day today! s;what the frozen pea's are doin on my face right now :D My oven has been out for about a month & I've been craving frozen pizza. Borrowed a toaster oven from a friend. Epic Win....yum. :) how long was she frozen for? don't they do that all the time in transplants? is her brain ok? ok - i'll watch. :-) Frozen grapes...the king of all frozen fruit snacks :) she likes the shelled, frozen ones that all you have to do it nuke them for a few min. It helps that she's eating my stuff :) Finally heading home after an awesome, AWESOME day. My fingers are frozen,my feet n Im all sniffley, but its SO it :) On lunch. Pulling that frozen/dairy truck was fun :D m'having a ready meal ;) says don't microwave from frozen and I did, so if I die... I Love You :) xx Thanks for bringing back Pina Colada! =) You are my absolute favorite frozen ever! drink frozen hot chocolate :D n I read the magazine hehe love it!!! Thank u!!! frozen pizza tonight- I don't usually do that during the week but sometimes you just need cheap, easy, and extra greasy :) I say go for it! If frozen, should still be fine! :-) I'm queen of long-frozen goods-tend to forget about them. Let us know. lol its frozen not smoothies. but its all about the toppings, that's what makes it soo gooddd :) You know whoever falls asleep first gets their underwear frozen right? :) HAHA MARSHMALLOW ON ICE!!! It really is such a true gift. having a frozen food biz, we have no of freezer space :-) neha - hurry before we run out of orange baklava frozen : ) I'm lovin today too, and it's al b/c I my day with you!.....and frozen :) Even vampires need a little Cefiore frozen sometimes... :) Edi Gathegi from The Twilight Saga: New Moon: I bet they'll be good like frozen thin mints! Fyi, Carvel now has actual Oreo ice cream sandwiches :) Yeah you lay around and get fan and get hooked on DQ's frozen hot chocolates. :) uh, no ice cream is not the ONLY thing you can eat... FATTENING!! Applesauce, warm soup, frozen fruit bars, smoothies! :D Has RR ever considered doing a line of frozen meals? (Not ideal way2prepare... but if any1 could make it Yum-O, IS her!) :) Took a bath and ate frozen My happiness is now 100 % :) in my head I always picture "frozen fish" as out as being trapped in big ice cubes and bobbing in a stream :) In which case, I recommend frozen carrot.<have heard that, think I'll give it a go :) :)))))))) LIGHTS IS ON MTV! :) my mouth is frozen I cant even speak, Im not the type to say sorry constantly <3 hola amiga! I am frozen! como estas? I imagine it's a bit warmer there! :) Trying to drink a frozen coke :) Not the perfect day i was dreamin' of but getting frozen in the shower this morning :)
Theres just those days where u gotta take it down a notch and those days are great for songs like 2 in the morning :) Thanks. Glad you liked the songs. :) How are you? It was not last night since it has been delayed in all Sweden :( But very nice mix of old songs :D love yous guys :) the new single is tracked! only 4 more songs to record until the EP is finished!!! I want them to make a track pack on either Rockband or Guitar Hero that is made up of Fraggle Rock songs... that would be awesome... :) I never said its bad :D I'd rather say I have more songs to suggest o_O ON-AIR: on "90 Not Out" - hottest songs of the 90s - right NOW on 98.3 FM, it's hot! :) "Songs the Brothers Warner Taught Me" will increase the size of your member! - downloading now Megan :) hey I like your songs =) their hot n cold is great trey songs hehe =) yeah! sorry for late reply :D well i love all her songs :> Playing random songs on my ipod..it's pretty fun! :D is gonna go pack soon and ater that i will practice playing my songs =) singin songs of hilary duff i love her :D jaja :) dear myspace: please stop blocking us from posting our own songs.fascists. I do :) ok so on this phone I can make my own ringtones for free! Yes!!!! Haha what songs do u think I should make them of? A cup of hot milktea with songs in a rainy day. feel happiness :) Just got home from a loooong day What's this story about CC being plagiarized? And there are only 12 songs on PLAY ON? Fill me in :) yay!!!! lonely girl!!!! 1 ov my fave songs in ur album!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im so excited!!!!! <3 :) is downloading glee songs! :D Listening to Damon play guitar. He's learned so many new songs and making up some new ones as I type. He was even playing some NB jamz! :) Wow, this mall playing STARS songs :) Kindof in love with MadisonFoxx at the moment :) awesome songs. I need to do a hip hop dance routine for dance (obviously) give me ideas for songs :) Hey Kel! Things have been good, busy w/ sr. pics & the vnd. & yourself? I can't wait 4 UR songs on iTunes!! : ) today is gonna be good :) i think. finishing the avenue tune and then practising the gavin degraw songs for bandcoaching tomorrow you know what always helps me? listening to super positive msg songs :) like i will survive, it makes you feel better :) Listening to High School Musical songs reminds me of :) I miss her the new songs are amazing!! 'hang you up' is my favorite of the bunch :) Downloading some new songs :D hehe I Pre-ordered "My World"!!! =D Can't wait to hear the songs on it =) i know you put a lot of hard work into making it. =) :D i still havent listened to any of their songs :O & yes it was douche-y of him except for the fact that he doesnt know i Loves when Eric learns her favorite songs on geetar :) listening to play her songs for us in the Haggett Lounge. What an amazing =) Made it to round 3. Got my highest score so far by playing my own songs. Go figure :) youre welcome :) so do you have any more songs? Also i noticed that you have Owl City on your favourites...i love them!!! Jay Leno time. Yet, Selena's songs are stuck in my head. :) just saw the life aquatic for the first time, i really enjoyed it and all the Bowie songs made it even better =) aww the same igt anger management tomorrow so yanoo =) after that more songs pack my ish then head back to the city Updating songs in my ipod :) yea, but after 16 years of no luck...haha but I'll just stick to living vicariously through taylor's songs haha :) Aadavan songs 'varayo' is nice song :-) I jst like it ... Smile like you mean it! Ownn, I wanna go to their so much! I love "The Killers"! I've just woke up with their songs playing! :) Two songs in and I'm in love with Michael Honson's cd. I can't wait for this christmas album. :) :) phew...many hours in the studio...and new songs to show for it :D :D recording our Dashboard Confessional covers for our split 7 inch. Can't wait to hear the NFG songs that Dashboard covers. Woohoo! Another awesome night @ NJ's! Was great to see & Will have to drag the K-man up for more songs next time. :-) is breaking barriers they deadass playing their songs on MTV :-)
so sunny and WARM! I love September spring weather where you get a mixed lot, day in, day out. Trifle treating you good? I never go work yet?! ill ask tommrow :] And heller sunny you can bring your gf lols. tell jesscia too NO twins kk sorry did you see sunny day real estate on jimmy fallon? Good morning, Bobby! Welcome to Kiev in the autumn.Great sunny morning,isn't it?)))) Just watched sunny day tear it up...is atl sold out? Sunny Day Real Estate on Jimmy Fallon? No way! Sunny Day Real Estate is back? It's so hot and sunny now. Where did all the gloomy clouds go to? Come back! Why is sunny day real estate on my tv. what year is it? wtf! i flip the channel and "Sunny Day Real Estate" are on tv.. playing Seven ?! Apparently they reformed and are touring off Diary. did NBC just die for anyone else mid way through Sunny Day? what the fuck ? sunny day real estate on jimmy fallon..? sunny day on fallon and tour? there's some douche behind sunny day real estate on in an ed hardy how is that combo possible? sunny day doing seven?! oh my god. night is complete! omg and sunny day real estate together? i thought they broke up before i was cool enough to love them.. Sunny Day on Fallon? W00t, staying up for that. Life? Is absolutely wonderful. Eight days until sunny San Diego, my friends. Hey you do an awesome job on Sunny... i heard you did broadway is that true? Sunny San Diego... And you? yeah its crazy ova here errday smh lol but it be gettin borin in sunny california ? lol Wassup sunny, I'm not sure what the heck you talking about, but wassup!? lol Really?? Sunny Day Real Estate on Jimmy Fallon tonight! Excited! I call them Yunny or YulSun hahhaahah~! I love Sunny and Yuri pairing YUNNY~ how about u?? not so sunny today..where can we catch you in L.A.? Have u bought ur autographed copy of the best all-sex movie? Me, Eva & Sunny have DVDs & posters. haha u always welcome to the sunny paradise lol why did u quit fb?? wasn't so sunny today...where can we catch you L.A.? hey sunny!! it's candice michelle's bday! can u spread the word and post an update saying for TT? thanks :) When does it stop being cloudy and being sunny? pretty safe bet in Kelowna though i do not know it's night out and to dark to tell Is it sunny where you are? wasn't so sunny today...where can we catch u I'm L.A.? 'eh! will it stop raining here?? i need bright sunny days! Sunny Day Real Estate is on Jimmy Fallon?! Okay, damn. I need a ticket for Sunny Day Real Estate for Saturday. Anybody holdin'? They're on Fallon tonight too, by the way. How did get Sunny Day Real Estate and Conan got some shaved man baby? Late night = the better show. Inglourious Basterds.. pure genius.. Sara DiMaio..pure genius.. what more is there to say? Oh..it's nice and sunny today.. Sons rocks indeed. Did you watch last season? One of the best series on TV. You should try Sunny as well. Hella funny. just woke up to sunny day,so much to do..aah where to ? afternoon fellow stoners, 3:45pm sunny and a big bowl full of buds! what could be better? regards followers i do not know it's night out and to dark to tell Is it sunny where you are? Have u bought ur autographed copy of the best all-sex movie of '09? Me, Eva & Sunny have DVDs & posters. I missed the memo that said today would be sunny & dry. How am I meant to write under these conditions? This is outdoor drinking weather. OMG!!!! I cannot believe it. Sunny Day Real Estate is back together?!?!? And, on tonight!!! BEST NIGHT EVER! Can you come to the sunny coast and play here? my whole family are huge fans and I'm listening to your songs on iTunes now I feel like Jimmy Fallon heard I hated his show and got guests specifically to win me over. Felicia Day and Sunny Day Real Estate? Damn. Whose watching sunny day real estate tonight on jimmy fallon? I am :D thanks for the heads up on Sunny Day playing tonight! As a great drummer, don't you think Will a great drummer? Sunny Day Real Estate on ???? Shwwaaaat?
Day two of Come see our new ColorPoint samples (Booth number 231). Prizes given daily.
Three defeats in three as Matlock fall again: FOR this tough encounter with local rivals Paviors, the Matlock te..
dyed my hair, had it chopped, got cretinized last night, was sound, bored now, ikea meatballs soon
Although... guess it's a good thing I *didn't* get that SE English localizer job then, huh? I'm sure foreigners would be the first ones cut. most people there speak english, and it in localizer mall on tahlia st. Just using your Amazon Affiliates Link Localizer on our site Absolute GENIUS plugin. Nice one, thanks. The Localizer: Disaster extraction localizer & outer marker? Experienced localizer looking for job. Team management or assisting. Please send link with offer.
PCSB 3 hours more to go....*neves neves neves* home its hella cold 2day my kiids are just gettin on my neves since 6am idk how i do it lol i hate fake people if u ... home its hella cold 2day my kiids are just gettin on my neves since 6am idk how i do it lol i hate fuckin fake peop ... Stressed out on the edge of a neves breakdown ... home its hella cold 2day my kiids are just gettin on my neves since 6am idk how i do it lmao i hate fuckin fake peo ... home its hella cold 2day my kiids are just gettin on my neves since 6am idk how i do it lmao ... For details of our next seminar "How to immunise your business from the recession" being held on 8th October please visit Neves website. I uploaded a YouTube video -- Qik - Large surprise in the room... by Sam Neves I uploaded a YouTube video -- Qik - Great night out! by Sam Neves I uploaded a YouTube video -- Qik - Great hotel in Buenos Aires! by Sam Neves Producers & Engineers; SSL's, Neves, or Digidesign board? And Why? Gossip girls 9 then racheal zoe then on the phone wit mr.if he don't erk my neves lol ;) jus kiddin! {LOL OOOOOOOOK!} era o Leopardo das Neves? Please let Mrs. Sykes, Ms. Neves, and Ronald know they are in my thoughts and prayers. There are folks who them here. Some people get on my neves.Unfollowing some people BRB. 4real people be gettin on your neves while you at work get well soon neves :[ cedera minimal 2 bulan! get well soon! wow! That looks brilliant! Its like a steam punk matrix! Love the score as well, nice and haunting. Neves singing was good 2 LIL SIS GETTIN ON MY NEVES BOUT TO KILL HER LLS Milton Neves, chato ! poutz que foda... Milton neves Owning Bbbbaaaaawwwwwhhhh now u know what we r on twitter and I would neves Ron Cummings, LE is watching you. Misty Cummings, LE is watching you. Teresa Neves, LE is watching you! Your lies are no longer working!!! Woohoo so much fun preaching ...hop its good im not neves at ALL..ok maby a littel I realised that I've neves seen Burning up! this was the first time! bad annie , bad annie! My babes lunded. Keep it comin. Ps* neves drink devil springs. Lmao im such a fucking asshole. suck me now. idk what is on my neves Guys night neves,Macciola,Burhans on our way to watch FAME OH YEAH Talking to Boobs on msn. He's a cool ked. This church thing is getting on my neves. Watching Dark Knight neves watched it all....... the neves lies -McFLY *--* ~If NG owned the pics (ie. TN sold them the pics) the pics would say "Nancy Grace" on them, NOT Teresa Neves, don't you think? - rylee lynn neves. born september 25, 2009 10:56pm. :) Pakistan eleven wins battle of neves Oscar Castro-Neves - More Than Yesterday - 09:03 AM visit to TAG this song Oscar Castro-Neves - More Than Yesterday Prof: Arlem PT Neves @ pimentelminas Arlem PT Neves Pf. Arlem PT Neves I uploaded a YouTube video -- Qik - Mobile video by Sam Neves I uploaded a YouTube video -- Qik - Mobile video by Sam Neves New Post:"What are you afraid of?" Includes video featuring Steve Neves' Gerasene Demoniac Kristen Harris helped with.
"after Elliot Spitzer's problem" Thanks for euphemizing that one, Gregory. can't write about how euphemizing language relates to Russian women in Dead Souls any longer! Let me study anthropology
04:24 Captain Beyond - Mesmerization Eclipse suspended mesmerization... the gray, pensive cold outdoors seems to contract landcolours & makes me wistful to be a stranger on a train
Aromatize Your Way!
only PA had about 20 other ones down there w/ it, so it didn't stand out. apadravya frenum was good though. OMG wooooooooozy. How do you spell woozy? Wooo. Woo. Damn oxycodmajig stuff. Damn pain. Damn frenum. DAMN GENETICS!!! I'm seriously considering getting my tongue frenum pierced - only prob now is that my urge came during the reccession!AI broke ass mo fo!lol
Night out with the ex-prefectorial buddies were fun. Such gossips! :D
Add longevous da'dapper to your account!!!
'Canst thou then hate me as an envier / Who see unrecked what I so dearly prize?'
Teachers: Put Some Green in Your Lesson Plans Spaz's Life Lesson of the Day coming up! smell nice? I have a driving lesson from work so ill be home at 6:30 Oh yes you did! What about the song from our last music lesson? Are you able to write down the lyrics of that song? Goo laura!!! yeah. Lesson learned 2 all nighters really aren't good for the body. done with the color lesson for today Business skills 101.5: stop being a goofball, give info to the person who has time to listen and cares. Ok, ok, lesson learned. Every once and a while a song comes along that says "buck up" and teaches you a lesson. I may be chasing ghost trains. I may need to stop. Life is about trying things out and if something turns out to be a mistake its ok just learn the lesson.. Only fools repeat their mistakes had a gd driving lesson ...pretty confident that i will pass my test RBS: 'We've learned our lesson' I'm attempting to teach young brian a valuable lesson...the of getting over it and moving on I am superrr excited!! But I don't have much time...at all. So I have to choreograph and plan my lesson quick! I should definitely be paying attention in this class being the lesson is about medication dosages but I'm tired & hungry.. Tomorrow, last 2 hours lesson of Chem! That was like "finally.. YAY!" I offer lessons in just this of thing. First lesson is free...if potentially deadly. Tutsis and Hutus - Why There Is Conflict Between Tutsis and Hutus - Histry lesson. Hate began bfore radio ...up crying. Have asked him to be more careful/less rough. Hope he is learning a lesson. Forget the past and let it be the memory of yours. See "it" as a lesson of life coz there another future waiting for you :) Lesson learned: the GO bus to Niagara Falls does not stop at or near the tourist district. Last lesson was hilarious! Talked about 'World So sad what happened to my dear country Philippines :'( Lesson of the Day: NEVER send Tayler and I out to get something done....it won't happen. just got home from school. had a 3hour lesson today.. oh theee joy! ready for the next lesson at church tonight! (having a for God) :) ... Dont be afraid to learn a lesson Poor Queen B still doing his hw. Despite completing Actual Innocence, u still have to learn A Lesson Before Dying...in class XoXo DentonGirl ready for the next lesson at church tonight! :) ... had a gd driving lesson ...pretty confident that i will pass ... was going to have a Chinese lesson today but it got cancelled :P Lesson not til Fri. Thought would get a head & learn some of the notes. Able to do a scale but 3 fingers paying the price, Lol. Americans have learned an lesson thru this HC Insur Industry thuggery-ELECT REPS/SENATORS NOT BEHOLDING TO BIG BUSINESS! Simple! One more lesson, some dinner, then heading to the dexter to send off Claudio. You should do the same. Have some RESPECT! - Germany lesson. extra lesson before the 1st one... early morning. :-/ goin to hav a flute lesson hope has a very fun driving lesson! do not worry i will be a t your funeral!!! A "True Grit" lesson on thumpers. Does this mean Bambi's friend is a liar, too? Want to be successful - Lesson One... Set up a blog (website) - don't know how or were to - I have a FREE video course for you! DM Me. Teachers: Put Some Green in Your Lesson Plans it btr v loose..learn our lesson & cum bck strong..tha win & fly high when v don' hav strong wings!!!! Today is sucking hard. If it wasn't for guitar lesson and Glee to look forward to, I'd probably scream or cry. is why you're giving me a vocabulary lesson. Year yesterday wasthe last dance lesson befor the battle Berlin... Uploading new Claire Dames pictures from Give That Bitch A Lesson! It was like watching paint dry, honey! It's going on ALL DAY. Lesson ... drop the devices when you're driving - period. RBS: 'We've learned our lesson': The Royal Bank of Scotland tells a Scottish Parliament inquiry it has learned .. First info literacy session today. Feel good now, but who knows how I'll feel 10 minutes before the lesson! Today's lesson:Staff at government run emporia are equally pathetic across states
appreciating my life and all the people in it! I can't believe you called me a freak. Here I am appreciating your music ;P... - nor I. I guess my thoughts were really about appreciating what we have, not so much how we'd survive without... What's up with all the hate man. I'm just merely acknowledging and appreciating your work that's all. =) Appreciating all the love. Not gonna respond to each tweet! But I'm appreciating each one twit fam! Thanks!! An Amazing Pre-Storm Sunrise: * Fall Weather Appreciating: Full Forecast | NatCast * The rising sun produ.. Following up on yesterday's post...The talks about the of appreciating our genitals:... I am very much appreciating all the scoop today, Her book was fantastic, and can't wait to see her on Life is about trusting our feeling and taking chances, losing and finding happiness, appreciating the memories and learning from the past... Thanks Alicia! Loved 'meeting' you yesterday! Appreciating your during today's show adventure :) ahaha. I'm appreciating the play-by-play! Appreciating Chrome's tab restore function, after Jungledisk bluescreened my laptop. appreciating the day<3abv Thanks for checking out the The New Media Life Cycle is really effective for us. Glad to see others appreciating it. Abundance: Appreciating the Wealth of Our Senses Enjoying this fall day. Appreciating how AMAZING my husband, is! I love him SOOO much! Girls: There are a couple things standing in the way of truly appreciating this band called Girls " barring of .. Appreciating all of the resource sharing amoungst TAG members lately. Sorry I have not had time to Appreciating all the love. Not gonna respond to each tweet! But I'm apprciating each one twit fam! Thanks!! thanking god for everyone and appreciating him for everything. he is 2 steps ahead of me always.. Appreciating all the love, & prayers we've received for my mother. Have a blessed day everyone. Definitely like appreciating them from a distance...! :-) For all of my cat appreciating friends: appreciating all the of ... "You can not have a wealthy country if you're not a healthy country" Everything's amazing and nobody's happy This is great. About appreciating things more Appreciating coffee across the region - NECN appreciating sticking up for Labour on Thanks for the guys. Have been reading and appreciating your work for years. Have learned a lot from you both. Thanks! I Welcome him a lot. Even Appreciating him! Eminem must be so NOT Welcomed by Hollywood stars. Finally appreciating the graphic quality of fine dining china. Tickets, view YOUR documentaries, come to YOUR book signings. YOU don't appreciate the power of my $$$ so I'm done appreciating YOU. And the more I observe the less I like so appreciating YOUR work will come to a close b/c YOU don't care if I buy YOUR books, spoken word I'm pretty sure that "you had to be there" to have any chance of appreciating Not that I'm watching because hum, im at the beach, over the rocks, appreciating the sunset with beer after a long and funny day.. cold and beautiful Supping very large cup of PG Tips and REALLY appreciating it ! Sitting here appreciating the fact that my days bring me wonderful people, mostly in the form of Fresh Heads! It took me some time, but I'm now appreciating! "Dedicated sister, beloved c**t!" Time is moving really slow for me. And i am appreciating every minute of it =) Forecast: Fall Weather Appreciating: Nice into Friday except a couple showers possible today * NatCast | .. i know an investor who's bought hundreds of there, appreciating rapidly year on year. Life by itself turns out to b beautiful once you appreciating every moment u live ! Appreciating Holly and her Willoughbies on This Morning. Dear catering, you are taking FOR FUCKING EVER. i am not appreciating it. love, nathalie. I actually wasn't looking for an appology; was just appreciating that the "discussion" was interesting enough to sidetrack me Appreciating the beautiful sunrise.... also, new and old friends, Torontonians or otherwise, you really need to appreciating - haha.. ohhh, I don't know whether it was black women he was appreciating.. aspects of the picture stood out to him tho I love you so much :) thanks for appreciating how strong I am hahaa Up later than any of the people I'm following. Appreciating the chilly weather, but really not looking forward to Winter. All things go. Sittin back..observin'..appreciating everything I have. I'm lucky=).
Zombie walk tonight in Hollywood!!! Followed by a sneek peek of Zombieland! Mmm... Should I go scare some tourists? Just back from a nice walk with the girls. They wanted to be in the pushchair a lot but I suppose that's better for my weight loss regime. loves a good walk in the woods. By mid-morning, we'll be locked into our altars & deep in prayer until Sat morn. walk back, smoke the Canupa & first drink of water in 4ds. nixon's five o'clock shadow has nothing on mine. while that means that no one bugs me when I walk home late, it also makes me scruff-tastic. I was almost hit in cross walk, in my wheelchair, by guy on cell ph, so I say--NO PHONES WHILE DRIVING. I Took this Pic from the Plane!! So Pretty!! I wanna walk on clouds! When I get off work I'm gonna walk over to the comic book store and buy the next Nana manga I haven't read yet. Exciting hehe Hilarious! Who comes up with this stuff? --> Jeans that wink when you walk. morning walk with & donni. off to walk the woofer! =) So, where are we going to go? a romantic walk somewhere ;) haha Walk on through the wind. Walk on through the rain. Through your dreams the tossed and blown, 1 can't put a n a pint cup... N OTHER WORDS THESE HEELS R 2 HIGH 4 U 2 WALK N... BUT STILL... I STRIDE N THEM<I like Take a Walk! Click Here To See A Live Walk Through Of Everything Inside The Club! oh I slowed my walk to a stroll. Just wish I woulda snapped a pic. has done naff all on her day off, from go out for a walk with Jazz, and intends on doing naff all 2nite too! Shooting Stars 2nite tho! 'cause you're too sexy for that club, too sexy for that club. so sexy it I'll shut up (and watch you walk *clap clap*) This morning I took Lizha for a walk & she barked & growlled at this for 5 minutes! A horse, a doctor and a social media walk into a bar... do lil kids put on big ppl shoes and try to walk around gym..then mall 4 ma daily shopping..then walk round copper river...ugh MEGA PINZ & NEEDLEZ!! I CAN'T EVEN WALK... WOii!! you know the climate's f**ed up when in Switzerland you can walk around in at the end of the month September walk of shame on a wednesday. it happens. you know you have a fractured pelvis when old people walk pass you and smile and nod....pretty much saying "keep your head up". Wednesday, trying natural pre-cold remedies: tea, orange juice, rest, possible walk in the sun watch you about to walk to the chicken spot lol I want a milkshake..lol na imma stop eatin tht for a whilee as chansung says: let's walk together "About to get up and go for my walk"Kam time is way over-due he need to come out now..lls Dew Am I Willing 2 Walk Through Hellfire 4 This Little Angel!! The Lemon Run is less than a month away! Run, walk or sponsor! "What does the LORD require of you? To act justly and to love mercy and to walk humbly with your God." Micah 6:8 That makes me feel better! It was also for a cause for They Shall Walk they'll host the video Four-mile walk on Tujunga Wash. Contributions still needed, if you're able I have a song for u "Space Walk by Lemon Jelly" U'd be 1 in a handful of ppl alive who cud really rel8 2 this Morning walk complete, breakfast eaten - time for my weekly visit to the Seniors Lodge. Assignment done! Now I'm off for a little walk with Graeme :) Our final Walk @ The New Gay: I downloaded my favorite Jpop songs onto my blackberry and I'm playing them at work and as people walk by my store they keep looking at me. Her walk say this is world class P*ssy not that super market samplers you have tasted...#i aint know they make woman like that any more... i have to walk a mile to print at work now, so lovely Had a lovely 4 1/2 beach walk, now coffee on the porch, and working at 1..Its beautiful outside!!!! Fit for Life 5k walk/run,: Course Information: The course stays within Lippold Park, is crushed limestone, and .. wow the walk to and from dropping of rugrat just beat me... its exhausting... maybe by weeks end ill have it down... was horrible, I was so upset cuz I couldn't walk to school...my town has a resturant and a motel, for us to get gas, we have to go
Brooklyn Waterfront Greenway lovers, we have a new 2009-10 map w/ updates. Download now: Text message "IACP" to 25827 for real-time updates from IACP 2009 Annual Conference IFAW South Africa: Updates from Happy Valley damn i just realized i haven't even played my ps3 since i got my laptop smh. i done missed like 3 updates Dashboard on Israel, Palestinian, Women (6 updates) - my brother dosen't have a twitter but I would love to be followed and I will follow you on his behalf to give him updates I set up the updates via twitter...hopefully this will work! :) It sucks to stumble in to an interesting conversation on Twitter only to find that one person has protected their updates. PSS: IFAW South Africa: Updates from Happy Valley: September 23, 2009 - Our morning in Happy Valley begins .. no they have not... go here for my latest news and updates It's snowing! Did you know you can see live images & Teton Village weather updates on our website? Follow storm updates on Video Game Facebook Status Updates - OK I lol'd hard at most of these Race for the Cure is coming, Saturday October 18. Register online! Follow for updates. What's up with Wes Welker? Any updates? Morning y'all....been slippin' on my updates recently...i'll try to give a lil' more today...LOL. Be good today everybody..i know its hard! We are working on the integration of a new customer and technician system. Check back often for updates and more news. Posted: Sep 30 - News about Chris Thile, Sierra Hull, Ricky Skaggs, and the Keith Whitley Memorial Tribute Check back for updates. Well... I wasn't exactly happy parading my Twitter updates all over facebook... so I have removed that feature... let's see how that went... Reminder: Follow Shannon Powell for the latest updates on the Paul Devoe trial before they make it to second most expensive app store for devs? BlackBerry App World. USD$200 per 10 submissions (updates count as a submission). Haha, i got it! Now I can annoy all with pointless updates re: nothing at all! Remember story albums? Disney's new Digital Books service updates an old-school concept with web read-alongs Receive instant updates at In case all you Florida fans missed it - posted two updates about UF basketball recruits / commits last night. Check out the tweets I can't think of any clever status updates for this morning, so you're going to have to make up your own. Follow for Jashley pictures and updates! ... Soccer Updates at and your marketing tools at Twitter Weekly Updates for 2009-05-31 - treasures the moments of minor insight an provided by his friends' status updates. it does. Although texting is better as replying is quite awkward. And my inbox is full of updates lol. updates again today. Gossip/News Updates: Are You Feeling It?: Toccara Jones D. Blanks Shoot Gossip/News Updates: Daily News Feed 9.30.2009/Vocab: gaucherie Fuchsia Updates: Are You Feeling It?: Toccara Jones D. Blanks Shoot Fuchsia Updates: Daily News Feed 9.30.2009/Vocab: gaucherie i legit sent the off thing to turn off the twitter updates like 10 times last night, never worked...so obnoxious Windows 7 Logo program: 32-bit only hardware need not apply: Filed under: OS Updates, Windows, Microsoft, Windo.. peripheral "all I see are updates that traffic in Mumbai over the last few days is awful - more so than usual? Wassup, M?" hey how do u get ya updates sent to ya phone...I can send em but not receive em... No updates on kitty so far...waiting to hear from Kore about vet trip. Plz keep her in thoughts. Think she got in fight with something ;_; Two weddings coming up next week end. Trying to set this for updates. Do u want to know what is going on at Dodge? Follow for updates throughout the day! So far from what I am told both Jake and Mrs Hollie are doing fine! Updates as i get them! Halloween shoot Oct 31 2000$ for fo Ok guys the competition 4 TTopics is tough... the whole google thing- they are posting ALOT! I refresh every 2 min with over 300 updates idk! Usually my feed is flooded w/ her updates! Idk!!
hey man, would u b down 2 do a drop for this project im doin' 2 promo US acts in the UK and vice versa? and are the women vice versa? do ppl hate dey ass off wen they c a couple where both the ppl look gud and then wonder cute guys date ugly girls and vice versa FLASH: Indonesia vice president says quake death toll may rise since wide range of buildings collapsed VP holds unscheduled meeting over Sumatra Vice President M Jusuf Kalla called an unscheduled dang bruh im bout to callin u bo-vice!!! ((lmaoooo)) Reuters: Indonesia vice president says quake death toll may rise since wide range of buildings collapsed So true! It's useful for a writer to see editor's pov (and vice-versa), helps you take things less personally. Meeting with Jamie Belyea, Exec Vice Pres of Vets Rock and vice-versa. I got you, Scratic, GESD, Kaiser, Stewie, ebone on my swap list. but first i need the invite. Neil Planzer, vice president of Boeing Air Traffic Management to speak at ATC Global in Amsterdam next March. FLASH: Indonesia vice president says quake death toll may rise since wide range of buildings collapsed Biden to welcome son home from war: Vice President Joe Biden will welcome home his son, and the other members o.. New video: Gta vice city - 32 - check out at the check in 100% walkthrough Thanks to for their live shot of today's Ride the Rail news conference with Vice Mayor Simplot and the PHX Mercury! Puncak Combo H-1: ... sekitar 30-40 persen dari total pelanggan flexi," terang Vice President Public and M.. You'll need a bloody big vice! Peralta leaders suspend employee accused of embarrassing Elihu Harris: Vice Chancellor told investigators that .. Huaaa aku sedihhh :'( Maybe this one is his last live press conference as vice president. We will miss you Pak Ucu. Would you be interested in joining a business development study group in the NJ area? We'll build on your business moto and vice versa. Why are church folk the 1st to crucify until they themselves fall prey to some vice? Then the water works (preach) "If I Did It... And Became Vice-President: McCain/Palin Fan-Fiction" proper SVG and Svg from Illustrator is not recognized by Sketch and vice versa. - Indonesia vice president says at least 75 killed in Sumatra quake; hotels, other buildings collapse VP holds unscheduled meeting over Sumatra Vice President M Jusuf Kalla called an unscheduled meetin.. Indonesia's Vice President says homes, hotels, schools, shops and other buildings have collapsed in Padang; at least 75 a ... Why are church folk the 1st to crucify until they themselves fall prey to some vice? Then the water works Photo: Vice is running a Where the Wild Things Are tribute. The first one is up here FLASH: Indonesia vice president says quake death toll may rise since wide range of buildings collapsed Patty Briguglio Named Chamber Committee Vice Chair - <Congrats to Patty!> and vice versa : GTA Vice City - 32 - Check Out at The Check In 100% Walkthrough New video: Gta vice city - 32 - check out at the check in 100% walkthrough i'm just sayin nay!!! lol i know yu do at least one of those!!! everybody has vice's if yu wanna call em that!! lol Dos & Don'ts 2: 13 Years of Vice Magazine's Street Fashion Critiques - by Gavin McInnes - Vice Books. Meeting Mr. Rudy Salles, Vice-President of the French National Assembly dang bruh im bout to callin u bo-vice!!! Zin, Tabou, Combo, T-Vice ... will bemember others later. (sorry for dupe) Indonesia vice-president: quake death toll may rise since wide range of buildings collapsed Work spares us from three evils: boredom, vice, and need. Maybe this one is his last live press conference as vice president. We will miss you Pak Ucu. Exciting news: Melanie Murrell from Innotec has stepped up as Vice President to the Salisbury & District Chamber today. UGC Vice Chancellor Selection Patty Briguglio Named Chamber Committee Vice Chair - NY state health care workers rally against flu shots | Radio Vice ... another migraine- with excederin then try and if that doesn't work i'll try a vice Navistar Names Cederoth CFO: Navistar International Corp. has named Andrew Cederoth as its new vice president a.. Vice President Biden Welcoming Son Home From Iraq: Vice President Joe Biden will welcome home his son, and the .. Indonesia's Vice President says homes, hotels, schools, shops and other buildings have collapsed in Padang; at least 75 a ... Executive Vice President Legal Affairs & General Counsel
Shoes that make you feel barefoot...I hope this does not catch on- I don't think I could separate my toes like that!- (late) yes, the altars should be separate because the energies of egun and orisa are very distinct. feel free to DM any ?'s Argos website sells "mini laptops". Do we really need the confusion? Also, ipod is a separate category from mp3 and mp4 players on the site. I'm still not sure why this is a separate title, but I AM excited to play it: Zazi case: How far should FBI go in tracking Muslims?: Three arrests in three separate terror cases last week b.. I think a separate contract on proper workplace etiquette should also be signed that way employees can see... Four separate accidents on the freeway this morning; two-plus hour commute so far... Sen Baucus recognizes Hatch amdmt discriminates against women by requiring a separate rider for coverage I favorited a YouTube video -- Andre Matos "Separate Ways" listen to others views? misunderstanding of your character? then separate me from 'your' crowd. I rest my case your honour. Singing in worship is more than a one way conversation. Listen to God. You can't separate prayer and singing in authentic worship. Reviewing client changes before a possible conference call for a separate campaign, then it's on to writing a new brochure. Finance staff: Women would have to reveal their unintended prgncs and intent to get b4 they could get separate coverage. No, no, that is a separate all together. I have contacted BT eleven separate times to explain the same problem to eight different people. Nothing has been resolved yet! I congratulate you on your magnificent misunderstanding of my character as I bid you farewell and separate you from this 'crowd'. Wonderful open floor plan with main floor master and another separate master suite, Can miles truly separate u? If u want to be w/ some1 u love, aren't u already there? It's separate disc but not full price, r.e. that beating? Whenever your ready, it's your funeral! lol presentation should be separate from both content AND logic! accidentally forgot my phone today and suffering withdrawal! You can't separate a girl from her iPhone for long without dire consequences!! Ive got 2 dvds on order from and have 2 separate dispatch emails :-( An argument for bilingualism: when I'm of spellings for "separate," "desperate," etc, I say them in Spanish. No ambiguity! We have them in separate coops, but have had the layers for 5 years, and they are *demure* by comparison to the Cornish. Like pets! I've got 3 separate companies that are look'n for a suing right now. I wish I cared enough to do so. Slashes separate the words.....This is not as easy as I thought it was going to be! lol i kno rite..i dnt see him dat much anymoree & we go 2 da same skoo & work at da same place..safeway be tryna separate us aha Seems that the Sandcity closures were separate to the Blacks ones. trying to remember that nothing on can separate me from the love of Christ ... NOTHING. Then I'd suggest a separate repo for the prop. stuff, that way there is no confusion about what is and isn't open source. LET'S MAKE A DEAL?! With Wayne Brady?! Holy Pancakes! I'm gonna have to create a separate blog/twitter account for that... DealisBlog? don't separate the latinos keep everyone together no separation.<latins out of the states dont speak english Just waking up to separate these clothes for the laundry Hey guy in McDonalds bathroom, talking on the phone & taking a piss are two separate activities!! Never should they meet. -But OB keeps regulating companies re greenhouse emissions but he & mrs. fly separate? What's his role in helping the situation? We need 50,000 Philadelphia Area signatures. This is separate from previous petitions. We use a 42" LCD mounted in our lighting truss. Use a separate feed for it. Mostly mirrors Lyric Slides & mostly for Worship team Ha. Thank you. I typically keep those two of my life separate. There's such an easy way to handle the captioning dilemma for Wizard of Oz-- just set up a separate open-captioned stream. Begin at once to live, and count each day as a separate life. ~Seneca | Just realized there's TWO separate SVM RP accts going on here....Oh I'm so confused LOL Cynthia Monday night I expressed some doubts and fears and since then I have encountered three separate things .. please reconsider getting a separate twitter feed or reposting select tweets. don't need the play by play! :-) A Good Real Estate Investor must learn to separate themselves from the money. Your words for the day: 1) sepArate; 2) definItely. Not sepErate, not definAtely. Learn them, live them, love them. Two separate neighbors say police are in the neighborhood of N. 12th between Burleigh and Auer where a MPD officer... Yeah, you lucky blighters have a separate server. We all hog the same sorry one up here. ;-)
NY regulators to release gas drilling rules Americans green cars and snub King of Saudi's gas habit... u r so wrong for that whackness-- stay away from the gas station!!! KWA Umarex MP7 Gas Blowbacks in-stock now! These are one of the most fun gas blowback SMG's we've seen to date! Initial quantities limited. Bought gas today for $2.01 per gallon in under 2 bucks again. Yeah!! Car-loving commuters reject gas guzzlers: Daniel Gray loves automobiles so much that it almost feels wrong to d.. Yay, gas people came and went. I am free. FREEEE drilling rigs sell 10:45am @ Cannon Oil Gas Auction in OKC Biltmore .... Yes,price your deal! I finally found my way, Say goodbye to yesterday. Hit the gas there ain't no brakes on this lost highway. Car lovers seek green energy, not gas guzzlers: Daniel Gray loves automo.. I love how I feel when I have a full tank of gas. Great job - reviewing cars for a living: Top car reviewers seek green energy, not gas guzzlers I found that gas station last night!! :O ....but I didn't need any gas yet. Increase weightage to Oil & Gas, Auto: Sandip Sabharwal, Pharma, small stocks in Oil & Gas looking good: Modern Shares & EPA Finalizes the Nation's First Greenhouse Gas System/Monitoring to begin in 20... Car-loving commuters reject gas guzzlers: Daniel Gray loves automobiles so much that it almost feels wrong to d.. turns out we haven't had gas since May. The neibhoring building has our gasline in it and they didn't pay their bill. Michigan's Mackinac Island. No gas-powered conveyances-old school relaxation and natural beauty. Subway, Gas Station, then work. Gotta get a few hours in on my website. Walker Lawn Mowers: Why Come I Keep Gettin Gas In My Oil Crankcase On My Riding Mower Gas leak block at my house! Errbody come over get dizzay. Hydrogen gas from water,reduce pollution levels 35%.Automatic taxi,with 190,000 miles on speedo,gets 60 MPG.At 70 mph was horrible, I was so upset cuz I couldn't walk to school...my town has a resturant and a motel, for us to get gas, we have to go Subway was too packed so I'm eating gas station chicken. think of the gas overload.... is right rather unhealthy! If Recycled plastic is 4 cents a pound is it cheaper to make new plastic from petroleum and natural gas from scratch? Yes! Done the shopping. Next: Hoover , wash up, get lec and gas, do some washing, research research research!!!!!!! are you going to host a Windows 7 launch They look like a real gas! Its this guy at swiftys gas dressed like hank hill. oil and gas in LPG Business in Nigeria I wish I could every morning with laughing gas. Wisdom teeth gone, off to Daytona for class. Save Your Money For Gas! I'll Buy Your Way Into Our .Ws Website Empire! the power was restored before Lissy's next feed, thank God, our hot tap water may have been warm enough and not gas, electric... Now I'm beyond late AND out if gas. FML and I have a quiz What's with people walking completely barefoot on campus? Or at a gas station? Disgusting. AutoFeed- Car lovers seek green energy, not gas guzzlers So I just read toyota is ecalling the floormats in a bunch of its cars including my prius. There is a risk of it holding down the gas pedal! would like to take a nap but then never ceasing musical tones of the gas trucks passing by, that's almost going to be impossible. lmao..actually, uniform aint that bad! but ya i feel u on the gas! gas explosion at winston churchill and vanderbilt in mississauga, let us know if you're in the area, more deets on CityTV at 12p Gas is $2.01 heck yea! few things im always lazy to do but need to..pump gas when its on E, grocery shopping, and cooking.. Tabnak says the recent natural gas contract with Pakistan has been drafted using & is subject to French laws You were gas'n on that freestyle bra! I'm not dead! & staying the night on your futon would be nice... might have to do that soon & of course, I won't gas myself! New A: to Q: For the GE JGP 628 cooktop gas grill, what color is "bisque.... just smelling gas. baby turned on one of the burners! seriously is there a safety device for stoves where the knobs won't come off?
Finally a reason to vote Labour - the Sun is backing the Tories ;) Dizz! TWUG! SUV came backing straight at us down the street. I put it in reverse and backed behind a garbage bin. barely missed. who knew backing your car down a driveway with out hitting something was such a difficult task? Gordon has caused quite a stir? and who gives a....if The Sun paper is "not backing" him-we make up our own mind here people the SUN is no longer backing Labour - *HORROR* - who will all the plebs look to now? To(r)yland? scurrrry sheeeet Sun's backing for Tories could backfire backing into the playoffs... not so nice... Alistair Campbell today: "Sun backing Tories doesn't matter." Campbell 1997: "Really pleased Sun has come out for Labour." His crime was evading punishment.30,40,50 yrs later he must still serve sentence.Anyone backing him is invlvd in risky behvr Mad Men star advocates for sharks >> need lots more celeb backing, its how this will get noticed Better than backing into one ;) lol. I have the Thompson Twins' "Hold Me Now" on repeat in my head, not a good thing, despite the hilarious backing vocals. I have the Thompson Twins' "Hold Me Now" on repeat in his head, not a good thing, despite the hilarious backing vocals. It's extra quiet this morning. No urban lullaby of sirens, gunshots, or booming bass. Only the sound of a garbage truck backing up. is backing up my tweets. They also Flickr, Basecamp, Google Docs, and more. We're in the cloud now baby! We now have thousands of computers backing our ticketing system. We can handle anything now! We're in the cloud now baby! We now have thousands of computers backing our ticketing system. We can handle anything now! Backing up my tweets with is backing up my tweets. They also Flickr, Basecamp, Google Docs, and more. Congrats to the Red Sox for backing into the playoffs. You should send Texas some champagne for choking. Backing up my tweets with R1: Scots law chief won't follow: The Christian Institute However, Mrs Angiolini received backing from the v.. Congrats to the Red Sox for backing into the playoffs. You should send Texas some champagne for choking. The chapel speaker today claimed he was a crier, backing it up by saying he cried at the end of High School Musical 2. Epic fail. murdoch got chilly feet about backing the dark side?! is backing up my tweets. They also Flickr, Basecamp, Google Docs, and more. 24. Not Backing up Files on an External Hard Drive. Does the sun backing the tories now mean it would be within my moral righs to vote labour? Backing up my online accounts with Yea I was backing out of a parking spot and a girl was flying by and scraped my bumper. I'm at fault though :( So apparently mercury is backing up off. So i can get back to "myself"--GOOD! My folks can stop blaming it on other things LOL That having been said, we've found ourselves doing code experiments in legacy code, and then backing into tests. Shu fail or Ha? Must ask. Progressive Groups Target Baucus with Ad Backing Public Option - Washington Post Isn't the sun just backing whichever is most likely to win? i.e. pandering to the lowest common denominator like usual Blogging Alameda: Pot-y mouth: Alameda native son Don Perata is backing an initiative that should have .. McKay Bridge is backing up heading towards Fairview Overpass.Construction on Monday..if this is a preview..we're in trouble. Jesus never made room for others by backing off from His own calling. Oh shit! Oprah's riding for the crib too! How can we NOT host the 2016 Olympics with that kind of backing? ::facepalm:: Seriously? You're still backing him? As the new 3rd Labour should be backing a change to the voting system while they still have a chance. It's the logical thing. Currently listening to The Killers "When You Were Young". Shoutout to for backing me up on drums while I sang this on Rockband Got myself a 150GB HD and was busy backing up stuff. Now the hard disk goes courrupt. Fucking painful. :( the sun is backing the tories- all the idiots will follow it into the tory pen, then in desperation, scotland will become independant? maybe Jesus never made room for others by backing off from His own calling. Accident on Brunnette just past the Highway 1 over pass has nb traffic blocked and backing to Braid. 7:42am Jesus never made room for others by backing off from His own calling.
COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS: WHEREBY MLADIC & KARADZIC TREATED ME WITH WEST MILFORD DETECTIVES HARRY & PET... More here at unreliable When will there be the day whereby u stayed home throughout the whole night without going out? hai. Sometimes running is hard and sometimes easy. Whereby "run is easy" I mean "stay in bed because it's cold & dark and running is always hard" The "professional", in whom we often place massive trust, can fail whereby the amateur, in whom we're often skeptical, can succeed. There you guys are...... You know your cool when your whereby Twitter on Friday at midnight i wanna try o.o i mean the real one. not those in taiwan whereby they bring you to a room to experience it, not real at all. GOP discovers corespondence principle whereby quantum objects follow Newtonian rules-belies its positions on social and economic issues.. PERSEVERANCE, n. A lowly whereby mediocrity achieves an inglorious success. (Good morning young lady) yus can be ur guru, sabby! hahaah U kena blajar "ilmu" whereby bile he look at you U kena blajar "ilmu" whereby bile he look at you, he will not be able to contain anymore.. This issue can still be resolve.. This new schedule whereby Jasper wakes up at 5am and hollers until somebody gets up with him is really sub-optimal. If u join Zulu, do visit the forum, whereby traders discuss thrash or praise providers and exchange their experiences called 'confidentiality bubble' whereby information flows are restricted due to confidentiality agreements (Harwood, 2005). Dilutive mergers are the opposite of above, whereby a company's EPS decreases. The company will be one with a low I don't like to be in a situation whereby telling the truth will sabo a colleague, even though I think she deserve it cos of her atttitude. 20min late for school, need to find a new system whereby I sleep at least 2hours earlier. Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices. -Laurence J. Peter Litigation A form of hell whereby money is transferred from the pockets of the proletariat to that of lawyers. - Frank McKinney Hubbard the new thing is arranging situations whereby you make a girl ask 'What's Paris Blues' A compromise is an agreement whereby both get what neither of them wanted. This is good: Plutocracy-system of gov't whereby wealth&the benefits that wealth accrues...(con't) the funniest and most immature thing has happened whereby someone has deleted me off their friend list on FB.. GROW UP UR A CHILD!! "...whereby these emotions are exercised, rather than exorcised...". How's THAT for a mindfuck? Welcome to literary theory! totally agree. and not stop at bus stops whereby nobody is flagging for the bus. Litigation A form of hell whereby money is transferred from the pockets of the proletariat to that of lawyers. - Frank McKinney Hubbard "....All men can see the tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see the strategy out of which great victory is evolved...." -Sun-Tzu A compromise is an agreement whereby both get what neither of them wanted. Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices. - Laurence Peter although there does seem to be good for strictly 'opt-in' filtering whereby individual What kind of nerd does it make me whereby I am amused by that, yet I have no knowledge of MySQL or programming? I know no other way whereby it can be achieved "Alimony: A System Whereby Two People Make a Mistake and One of Them Continues to Pay for It" "Alimony: A System Whereby Two People Make a Mistake and One of Them Continues to Pay for It" .."but ye have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father." Rom. 8:14,15 Inducing Ovulation: Ovulation induction is a process whereby -- through drug therapy -- some of the 1,000 eggs .. not bad... iPhone should come up with an app whereby my iPhone friends can BB message me... hehehe! iPhone to BB, BB to iPhone! That Mandelson quote long since passed into routine family usage, whereby one sibling accuses another of being a 'quitter not a fighter'. There is none other name under heaven given amongst man whereby we must be saved. Acts 4:12 Jeff missed the 30-second window this morning whereby the butter just slides across the face of the toast as it.. There is a shocking reality in this country whereby some people are so uneducated & naive as to Pray to obama. WTH!. .. There is a shocking reality in this country whereby some people are so uneducated & naive as to Pray to obama. WTH!. A problem of collective dominance, or oligopoly through "economic links"can arise, whereby the new market becomes more conducive to I prefer putting my laptop on an elevated stand whereby I dont have to look downwards....its better for my eyes to buy n thrust to u if u catch their q on the seller's q) or vice-versa "block n catch" whereby if the seller is "put-off" whereby BVol means the volume queueing to buy n SVol means the volume queueing to sell Up early and grappling with the sudden loss of a friend. This is a week whereby the Throne of Grace is becoming up close and personal.
Business-to-Business Telephone Sales Representatives: ON-Toronto, Business-to-Business Telephone S.. In France we did have the human bomb, it is the title of a well known song sung by the Telephone's band in the mideighties,now IRAN URAN IUM The telephone's out of cigarettes Telephone's ringing. It's your second cousin. You have my email and telephone if you need to talk, homes. The Starbucks telephone's got a simpsons ringtone xD they got style man. This Kid Here is Amazing he's know 3 languages ,all his numbers,letters telephone n he just told me uncle lo # lol he on it girlllllll I'm just speaking the truth. But yall have eachother telephone i do it all the time .. ma7b atkallam bel telephone :s it cause headache ! When I told you not to bother to call her, don't you know the telephone's the one... At the Drive In in my head. But not loaded on my phone. Motor Vehicle Incident IH45IB-TELEPHONE S IH 45 IB /SIH45IB ENT RAMP at New city website info arch based on telephone 311 (non-emerg), 411 (directory), 511 (transit), 911 (non-emerg) etc. Inline Amplifier will boost your regular telephone's volume up to 20 times. It's affordable.
we got like target and and stuff. but like being a girl, i get them from more branded small shops :) what about over there? Uh oh, there's a celeb vid on FoD...should I prepare to target Rotwang preemptively? :) Target ppl for that Windows7 lunch those who've never used computers? < LOL :D 4:30-7:30. :) Yes, target. Shall I pick you up at 7:25/7:30ish? I can work for you tomorrow! :) what time was it again? :P And is there a Target meeting tomorrow? Haha. My target is brides - so they surf always I guess! :) Do you mean you have 24 hours between posts? Hello MrsHawaii, nice to meet you :) Did the weather calm down where you are? Last I read Samoa was the target. how did you do that ? People's ONE bag at Target it was. I am so proud of myself. :) At Target. / Getting my phone tomorrow?! :D I hear u! Thats my 2nd home :) do you have a target near you? Thats my 2nd home :) do you have a target near you? I got the CD at Target today :) I love it so far! The song "Crush" shows up on my iTunes as "Rush" weird huh? i thought so! haha Did Ghana's U20 boys just use England's U20 boys for target practice in football? Not pretty :) just got back from target with the girls, going to the movies later :) maybe some blogging in between? here's what i was asking you about.. do they have it at ross/target? :) Whoaaaa seriously? T btw, i quit smoking! officially :) next target : alcohol Whoaaaa seriously? T btw, i quit smoking! officially :) next target : alcohol Do you guys target your music ads at all, or does everybody get the same selection? :) OMG! I think the Office stuff has made its way to the Target $1 bins! Guess where I'm going after work?! :D :D :D thanks for the example - definitely obscure for me :) - did it/does it work for the target group? what all did you get at target?! :D Gossip Girl line at Target? No way! :D - My Sister with a hat at :D or was that target? haha. Target menelpon Have a gud day ayaaank!! :) Yes just finished Bootcamp! :-) Just trying to use my money wisely on Marketing? So you target neighborhoods not Did you catch the show? I recommended cherrios in the toilet bowl for "target practice". I had 3 older brothers :) Yayyyy. Okayyy:) Hmm. Want me to go to Target wiff yew? :D goin to Target wit just to eat lunch.. how lame is that?? lol. oooh well fuck it their food is good n cheap! =) yeah sometimes! :) ok well I think I'm gonna go to the mall, target & old navy maybe. Sure u don't wanna come along? If u go to My weekend fun? Downloaded new iPhone apps :) Excited about: TIME mobile, Scramble, BW, Starbucks, & Target My weekend fun? Downloaded new iPhone apps :) Excited about: TIME mobile, Scramble, BW, Starbucks, & Target Of course not. Want to reach the ideal target. Not like you. Eat on, when a diet? Ahuahuahua peace :D B ... someone: msgd me to stay on target! Automated response from my boss? :) is it a laptop? is it overheating? mine does that sometimes. I bought a fan for it for $20 @ target and that helps a lot. =) Do you ever go to Target? The day after Halloween every year we go and get everything half off for the next year :) Shut your face. Haha i will do something for you so HUSH. Target? Haha random but okie dokes :D You see that target WAAAAAAAAY OVER THERE??? You will in a second.... :D And just 19 seconds out on your target. Damn that knee eh? Excellent time. Now treat yourself to some bad-for-you food :) aren't they adorable???They have tons of cute Halloween stuff at Target :) oops indeed! Aren't you meant to hit the target? :D Going to target, anyone wanna come with me? :) :) haha! really? i haven't been to target for about two weeks (since september 15. to buy for the dvd) <3 <3 <3 went to homecoming :) going to target later and maybe movies.? Does it ever end up JUST being for diapers though? :) Going to target today!!!! Yayyyy!!! (Only for diapers but STILL.) has definitely shot past its target. With 40 days left too! (via Its doing great! Now.. how to improve w extra $? :) Bisa' sih asal niat ngerjain bareng apeh? Target: abis magrib ngerjain tugas. Remind me this, tweople :) ngerjain bareng apeh? Target: abis magrib ngerjain tugas. Remind me this, tweople :) How do you get to the Malaysian target group on teh internet? Just write about facebook :)
I can`t type in Thai because I use this japan laboratory`s computor. This computor has only English and Japan keyboard. Video Selections from Electronic Visualization Laboratory's First Decade - UIC Video Selections from Electronic Visualization Laboratory's First Decade - UIC is at yuch lobby. getting myself ready for another laboratory. :S
The Blog Updated with a review of Unit Edition's first book launch at the Haunch Rizzo, N.E. needs a movie based on New Edition's story. now playing Lifetime by Akira Yamaoka, SILENT HILL 4 THE ROOM LIMITED EDITION S.... 0/32 users. Have a listen: Watch New Edition's 'Hit Me Off' & 'I'm Still In Love With You' videos. Times Crest edition's a great read They're talking owls on Vermont Edition's Bird Show and they just played the "Who Cooks for You" Owl Sound Extreme Makeover: Home Edition's season premiere features a family of homesteaders. Not ashamed to admit I'm totally going to Hulu it up. sure thing used to teach. Official Guide 12th/latest edition's best. Feel free to reach out steve.cheney at gmail for more q's! Hollyoaks late edition's on TV. Its like normal only because they almost show tits and swear theres even less to act or have a script Crazy how the a song has such a different meaning/impact when listening to it years later. New Edition's "Can You Stand The Rain"-VH1 Soul! Checkin' it out Extreme Makeover Home Edition's first episode is airing right now! Checkin' it out Extreme Makeover Home Edition's first episode is airing right now! Extreme Makeover Home Edition's first episode is airing right now! They'll soon be posting the episodes on in case you miss any! Extreme Makeover Home Edition's first episode is airing right now! You can catch it on if you've missed the first half! I dunno if a lot of u know, but bobby brown, johnny gill and new edition's classic music is amazing! Like for real! I love it! I say the Renegade Edition's peripherial should have been gold. VH1 Soul>>>BET (I know, DUH right?). Where else can I look at a video 4 Whodini's "One Love" and New Edition's "Cool it Now" back 2 back? Surreal is... riding in a cab with the driver jamming to New Edition's Greatest Hits. Yes, it affected his tip. NY Times moves up first edition's close by half an hour, to 9 p.m., in cost-saving move. Watching This Makes me wanna download Bobby Brown's & New Edition's Albums has an upcoming special on crumbling infrastructure. fascinating. I blame irresponsible tax cuts, post JFK edition(s) Nissan GT-R black edition s 580 KS (via Nissan GT-R black edition s 580 KS (via Dr Michael Dixon, chair of the NHS Alliance, says people should take responsibility for improving their health, in this edition's Last Word A Lesbian movie inspired by the ancient poem SAPPHO , new edition's 2009. Get free: Bobby Brown was New Edition's David Ruffin. Temptations forever!<---I sd the same thing! lol! Puffy's Bad Boy remix of New Edition's "You Don't Have to Worry" is really unbelievable. Everybody needs to revisit it. Wow. Bobby Brown was New Edition's David Ruffin. Temptations forever! Does anyone else remember Another Bad Creation's cover of New Edition's "Candy Girl" w/ Romeo's solo? Awwww man. Wachin behind the Music w Bobby Brown. New Edition's 1st deal got the each $500 & a VCR... My oh my how the times have changed, or have they who remembers new edition's hit, cool it out? why is it soo difficult to find a decent version of New Edition's NE its soooo good in that cheesy new edition kinda way. Currently working on PC-BSD Hubble Edition's sound and aesthetics. Version 8.0 will pwn. Listening to New Edition's "Cool it Down". Even back then Bobby Brown was a bad ass! Now it's evident thanks to All Mighty Oprah! LOL! I like Boyz II Men's version of "Can You Stand The Rain" better than New Edition's. Oh yeah, Columbus. The 3rd installment of Cocktails & Connections takes place in October!!! I will be on this edition's host comittee!! YAY! NY Times moves up first edition's close by half an hour, to 9 p.m., in cost-saving move. Internal memo: Aww my favorite lipstick is almost gone!! =( And it's limited edition =S Find out the latest updates in our September 2009 edition's newsletter NY Times moves up first edition's close by half an hour, to 9 p.m., in cost-saving move. Internal memo: NY Times moves up first edition's close by half an hour, to 9 p.m., in cost-saving move. Internal memo: NYT moves up first edition's close by half an hour, to 9 p.m., in cost-saving move. Internal memo: NY Times moves up first edition's close by half an hour to save money. Internal memo: NY Times moves up first edition's close by half an hour, to 9 p.m., in cost-saving move. Internal memo: NY Times moves up 1st edition's close by half an hour, to 9 p.m., in cost-saving move. Internal memo: via NY Times moves up first edition's close by half an hour, to 9 p.m., in cost-saving move. Internal memo:
Smile of the day: Tufts University attempts to eliminate awkward dorm-room sex: I hate the 5 days before FEC fundraising deadlines. My inbox overfloweth with desperate attempts for money. In attempts to improve your character, know what is in your power and what is beyond it. -Francis Thompson 3 attempts for starbucks to get the venti, non fat, no whip hot choc correct....not good customer service :( Ha ha I can't Tweet today apparently! It has just taken me about 500 attempts to retweet you!!!! xx Musing about the random nature of things. Entropy rules all, despite our feeble attempts to control things. Maybe acceptance really is key! Obama Attempts To Pay Back With Olympic Deal: I have always gotten those two wrong, in spite of attempts to remember. This is why I love spellcheck. Updated my blog with Most Smokers Make Multiple Quit Attempts Before They Quit Smoking ... - PR Newswire (press release) SMM as of an Integrated Marketing Strategy Attempts to fake viral success via paid users offer questionable value Toxic Treadmill: Most Smokers Make Multiple Quit Attempts Before ... I want to go spray orange and blue on walls to see if anyone attempts to run into them. I downloaded the "unlimited" use version of TweetTweet 2 my Voyager. Attempts 2 tweet, reply, ANYTHING cause my phone 2 reset. laughing at ithe worlds attempts to piss me off today. haha world, not quite :) Welja joh ook dat nog "The maximum number of incorrect login attempts has been reached. This account has been blocked for security reasons." Q&A: US healthcare reform: The BBC news website explains the Obama administration's attempts to reform the Amer.. I manage the account. Seem to be locked out (too many failed attempts it says). Any way to reset it?? Derek Anderson named the today...he isn't the savior but at least he attempts down field passes...gonna be a long season please send recipe for kale soup! Have much kale growing but all cooking attempts has failed.... The 2010 Devon GTX Makes Its Debut - There have been a plethora of attempts to catch the first glimpse of the 2010 ... Seeing uptick in attempts to ban books after schools caved in to protests over Presidents address earlier this month NEWS: 10-year-old attempts to sell gran on eBay GYAHHAHA. Most Smokers Make Multiple Quit Attempts Before They Quit Smoking for Good GOP FAIL: 8 years with 0 attempts to fix healthcare There's a chicken in the Carlton Hobbs coop! Read about it's rescue and the ongoing attempts to save a cormorant too! Interesting idea.... "10-year-old attempts to sell gran on eBay" *Weakly attempts a smile* lol thanks! :) X 10-year-old attempts to sell gran on eBay If u wanna hero buy a comic book. Men r just dat achieve great feats w/ great failures & repeated attempts that R sub par. shouldn't have slept with the window open last night. can hardly breathe this morning and all neti pot attempts have failed :( I have 8 invites to Google Wave. They will go to the 8 most creative attempts to get my attention. SMM as of an Integrated Marketing Strategy Attempts to fake viral success via paid users offers questionable value Most Smokers Make Multiple Quit Attempts Before They Quit Smoking for Good wall jumping attempts. Just downloading 3.1, after about a million reminders and countless attempts to get apps compatible only with the new version... Watching Aust U20's, almost 30 mins in no attempts on target. Like the look of Costa Rican number 10 Estrada, and this process proceeded man's definitions and attempts to 'catagorize' via our level of understanding. NEWS: 10-year-old attempts to sell gran on eBay From Blog Biographies and Scrapbooking - Our Attempts to Capture the Past *Attempts to peel and Ok, if BS and JH are entwined, Im not going there. New Approach to Reducing Suicide Attempts Among Depressed Teens From Blog Biographies and Scrapbooking - Our Attempts to Capture the Past video of Shalit to be released by terrorist captors in exchange for female terrorist prisoners caught in failed terror attempts The ear horror wino attempts to rap: Not fair to give moms guilt if breastfeeding attempts are unsuccessful if services aren't there. Farve , because he actually gets more than two passing attempts a game. first few attempts just hung, latest worked fine :P At least 42 of the Radcliffe Publishing Course Top 100 Novels of the 20th Century have been the target of ban attempts. My attempts at being productive have failed miserably. Most Smokers Make Multiple Quit Attempts Before They Quit Smoking ... - PR Newswire (press release): Most Smoke..
Only most days. only you could laugh at an interjection for 20 minutes. That's why we love you! :) Am I the only one who can't get into Nicki Minaj<-- you are not alone well i need Anderson to throw the damn ball 2 braylon edwards! no idea y im favored by 49 over Warren this wknd.he only got 1 New post: Smokey Robinson - Standing Room Only Yeah, I've seen them, still a nice concept... like S3, only Databases ... I like the de-normalized concept. only played for a little while on my way to class but these graphics are awesome I find it hilarious, its a brilliant idea but then again i'm probably the only one who thinks so..... Countdown is on. Only 54749 days until Bernie Madoff gets out of Jail. Uuugh, I should take the cup back with the extra chocolate and tell'em to give me another. Only got a tall so i really only got half a cup. you WERE awake after all! / if I stay moving I can shut one eye at a time so I'm only half asleep/I'll move u! Forgot to mention that it only irks me when my other people do it. This is ELF for you and tht only consists of Japanese ELF ^^: Anyone know why my car stereo can play only FM stations ending with odd digits like 104.3 and not play even digits like 104.4 FM ?? My only complaint about the MKE Film Fest is there are too many great films so I'm getting sleep deprived! Tickets for the house of blues downtown disney are only $10...sweet deal for all my people...so stoked ... Actually, the Celts wore cornrows. Political correctness is a mental illness. Sustaining it only magnifies your illness to the public. UNH is only a parasite inasmuch as it uses government to acheive its ends. Wow, I just spent 15 minutes trying to figure out what the "Wace Siege" was, only to realize they meant "Waco". "Question of the Week" If you could only choose ONE flavor of ice cream to eat forever, what would you choose?: i think the new one is a platinum. only avail in the 5 pack oh, it only goes to 4 and that's it. is coming!!! Only dedicated to married people! Good or Bad thing? Some people are only alive because it is illegal to shoot them. "But if you only knew what was in the back of my mind..." We're ALL like suicide bombers. Set to destroy ourselves and bring down others with us. Only God can change our mindsets and be d bomb squad Go to GC Tomorrow Thursday OCT 1st only and get $1.00 off. Give your twitter name to the cashier. 4 open spots 4 the Utah Get Simple seminar and KISS tour, feat Pepper Nix: only $100-I'll pay u back if not happy. :) 4 open spots 4 the Utah Get Simple seminar and KISS tour, feat Pepper Nix: only $100-I'll pay u back if not happy. :) Am I the only one who thinks someone famous has died when they get the "Twitter is over capacity" screen? bangs = crazy bed head in the morning. I can only imagine how fun that would be in the dating world. gawwd, i woke up from evening nap feeling fine. took my dinner & only now feel a slight headached. dayyymm... you wanna ruin the 85' Regal limited image by slapping on some 24"s, that's a big no no, 13"s only gotta be the D's though heh, sometimes. I only read back a page or so, tho, so if someone specifically wants my attention, they'd better @ me. Has bought more bedroom stuff and tings and on my way home now to finish packing. Fun times. Only one day to go! But it's the halfway mark of the week. You only have so many days to go until the weekend. oh yea ! i Thought of new hairstyles only 2 their called "spikey tornado" & the prince & the flinch ill be posting a piicture/video. Woohoo! My Theatre class lasted only 10 minutes! Damn straight & wht makes ANYONE think ths was his ONLY offense? Pediphiles nevr strike once..may ONLY B CAUGHT once Darkness only exists so the stars can shine. Im pretty sure i belong in a very warm climate. Today is only 6 degrees out. I might cry . come on guys! only needs 13 more followers till 100! FOLLOW -------> :D Dreamt of nathan all night. Second night in a row. Funny thing is i only dream repeats of things i really want. and are the only two people I can tolerate in Anatomy today. "Everyone born in this world has a unique role that only he or she can fulfill. Were this not the case,..." Hope that was my one and only radio appearance yesterday. Awkward. Come get free UND ice cream in the union today! 11:30-2, then vote! I only follow Team PokerStars (&competion winners if I need to DM.) Just so it's easy for others to find our Twitter Pro. Sorry! Decide to develop the habit of belief, it's the only way you'll have the courage to overcome your fears. Without FAITH nothing else exists! Ick i cqn only breathe through one nostril =T
sweet jebus! will she be alright on the haunted mansion next yr or will she be waiting outside? (is she ok with ghosts?) "A wise man will make more than he finds." Francis Bacon. (No more waiting for it to knock, huh?) O_o YOU HAVEN'T VOTED??? PLZ VOTE! Sam: Misa: What u waiting 4? Why must ppl be at a store waiting for the doors to open for no reason other than to touch everything and buy nothing!? Waiting to buy a new appliance? Save money during Georgia's ENERGY STAR sales tax holiday! The Flint Appliance Center has them this weekend! aqui waiting for my class to . how ur class goin? lol wasn't he going to canada for you guys? :-/ mmm ok well I hope you make it.... Mama will be waiting ;-p XXX Waiting on UPS, if I were not waiting, would he have been here earlier? am waiting 4ma friend beb,,u? Do you like stalks people you follow on Twitter waiting 4 them to say something? :) anyone get their Google Wave invites yet?? I'm still waiting..... im very well thank you darling, waiting to move office, still, how was school? just working, waiting for 5 o'clock lol. U? Waiting? For who? Have the Google Wave invites been sent out yet? If so I guess I didn't make the list... oh well.. still waiting. I'm in Bukavu DRC working on the computer, waiting for the afternoon rain to wash down the dust. Anyone want to have coffee at Reflections? Have you joined my Facebook Group yet? Some cool Friends are waiting to meet you :) Wasting time at the store. Clients are waiting on me because of... are you ready?... a team-building excercise! Am in the accela waiting area in Penn Station. Free soda! And wireless! Is this utopia?? is annoyed that she never seems to make it work anymore. I've been waiting for my shot. Where is it? And the waiting game continues... after new is ordered & car repaired... hmmm, will it be less than $1000? More? Ug. - Red Carpet. Press waiting for who's who of Chicago Olympic delegation. Will there be an Oprah sighting? Who has actually got their wave invite yet? I'm waiting to film it as we've only been onto the developer version friendship in waiting foor godot? Hey! Where's my Google Wave invite? I'm waiting... waiting for my invite. You get 8 invites. If you don't already know who your inviting. Can I have one? am I waiting to get my eyebrows waxed because the ppl that WORK here doin stuff to themselves? Hmm not a good look lol It's getting really chilly/cold in Poland but they don't heat yet! What are they waiting for? Wonders what take-away El Dimmo will be "waiting" on tonight? Did you take in the For Him / contest yesterday? It's back on today - what are you waiting for? - And for all those who haven't contributed yet ...what are you waiting for ? Send your stroller photos to !!! Recession? Auto insurance companies are waiting to compete for your business and save you money. not yet. I was waiting to see who all was playing. Did you get it? How is it? Are on the phone.. Cousins are the phone with their friends (?) And I'm here, sitting and waiting wind to blow... Still feeling like road kill. WTF? Someone please cure me. On campus waiting for class... Definitely not going to PSYCH. Waiting for updates to downoad... Guess I should update more often than once a Are U following what are you waiting 4? Theyre giving $150 GC to those who help them reach 2000 followers ^js Ok- this is weird. Broadway showtunes by Liza Minelli (spelling?) in the waiting room. Showtunes is plural- many,many showtunes. its coo I jus hate pick'N my friend up 4 school n da morning cuz she so inconsiderate. Like I'm doin u a favor so y & I waiting? patiently waiting my turn 2 HUMP .....til then.....is available?? is it? she's on and off so im waiting a bit Who says this: 1. Is the A/C broke? 2. How long is this going to take? ROFL <--No sweating or waiting 4 Jemy. :) Cousins are the phone with their friends (?) And I'm here, sitting and waiting wind to blow... Waiting rooms are still awkward. Also, why is it that there are no more young kids with broken bones? Why is it all old people and me? Are you also impatiently refreshing Gmail waiting for a Google Wave invite? class, waiting for time warner to (FINALLY?) come, then more class later ; RAWR :] how is everyone?! Im waiting for this class to end. Wootwoot Re: Free stuff come and get it (st pete): WTH?? there were needy people who were waitingand waiting if you post.. *still jealous* YOU HAVE A WORKING COMPUTER? *angry* no fair! I don't mind waiting lol. Now I'm a little less envious
its mail IM docs... and all in real time i get it u dont need the invi- but still u can b helpful :P Is feeling sad cause I lost my Red Bull buddy. He was an awesome and helpful kind of person. I will miss him. :-( n-e-g-a-t-i-v-e :( hahahhaah well, I dont think so anyway! :) I am so very helpful! :) hahahahahhaahah <3 When softwr give flexibility 2 choose ur own color, is very helpful in making it as ugly as possible. :P otherwise useless. theme excluded ! I SAW THE TYPHOON PICTURES...IT WAS DEVASTATING...YEA A JETSKI WOULD DEFINITELY BE HELPFUL... :( Yeah, snagajob is not very helpful- I need a job pronto :( I hate the fact that when I get angry I cry. It's not very helpful. :( Yeah, snagajob is not very helpful- I need a job pronto :( was pretty helpful but i need like specific examples and i cant think of any :( we have to work super hard in class tomoro! Thanks! It would be kinda helpful if I could speak Spanish, however... :-( I try but it's hard! So math review was only slightly helpful, not near how helpful i need it to pass my tests in class, though :( Hey guys, Yall still have that Tsunami for dummys Yall posted in early august? May be helpful about now :P Any helpful hints from fragrance gurus on how to select a scent? So far, I'm 0 for 2. :( -hugs & sends you cake- Parents are never as amusing/helpful as they think they are. :( Tree terror 09 update- Amazingly helpful Allstate field adjustor tells us to hire a structural engineer, we're going to need one. :( I guess it depends on if you want a light and fluffy untrained spa massage or something that's actually therapeutic and helpful :P Ralph Lauren? :-p <- thanks, v helpful :P if it was me, I do Jean-Paul Gaultier, no doubt. And why no helpful text message about data rates in the States, like with the voice roaming? :( Ok so wasn't helpful at all.. :( Next option.. No it's not :-PP Had it in the 1 & 2 semester. It's not my thing :-( Anyhow was helpful for MPS (microprocessor progr) 1 2 Im not. I am speaking helpful truth into your life, you know like we heard about yesterday :P He tried to be helpful and did laundry but mixed towels with black and now all of our black clothes look like theyve been cat-attacked :( A syntax diagram for the cal:Message.Attach element in would be would be very, very helpful. DSL guesswork is no fun.. : ( Sorry. I was only trying to be helpful. :( just signed up in ping.fm . It's seeming helpful. But still don't know how to use various options of it. :( nuh uh all u said was ur irritated. Jus tryin to be helpful :( helpful hint: when going somewhere, remember to wear shoes. :P hubby, wanting to be helpful, says: I hope we don't have to drill a hole in your fingernail to reduce the swelling. My prince charming :P Aw, why didn't you go? :( Yeah, Starparking can be helpful. The VIP Early Entry isn't sold out yet. I would hope so :P BT are being helpful through Twitter though. The order tracking shows it still to be an open task, seems odd. awesome! can u please tell me where i can buy it? no one is being very helpful :( LOL red (Y) but i need some HELPFUL suggestions for hair because amy's were shiiite.... :P :( I know, have been following the saga on Twitter...wish I could be more helpful. They used to sell it in in Nebraska. I think you would look adorable, but I also think you look adorable now. :) I'm not very helpful :P Badan gw sakit semua :( mindahin kopling aja td butuh tenaga lebih. I'm at 's townhouse, lucky i know her..she's so helpful ...radical ideas. :P Much more helpful to teach them critical thinking skills, imho, so they can find their own perspective. SUCKY! links don't work... Stupid computer! :( But it's okay, YouTube is pretty helpful at a time like this, right? Hope so! i left my makeup in l.a :( it is not helpful up there. working*MNF! being nice and helpful is soooo overrated :P That's the cool I have earbuds in, and M.G's phone has text to speech. Very helpful :P And attempting a long distance relationship when they don't answer their phone is not helpful. :( That sounds anti-helpful. :( Makati-Annapolis 13km 3hrs march many kind helpful encounters reveal Pinoy kindness in dire times. Yet nothings worse than being trapped :( ah yes, another wildly helpful advisory from the increasingly irrelevant Marcia. Show has gone down badly this year :( Yeah, I mean, I've found a bunch of radio rip links for it. (I wanted to be helpful. :( ) I don't know if it would be helpful anyway :( Haha, that's what I was wondering, too. :P Anyway, the list under "What is a good substitute for eggs?" seems more helpful... :D Waiting on Jason and a for the car...yay! I get to hold the flashlight again! :( I'm so helpful. I have yet to find helpful Italian exercises. "Perche' scrive Carlo?" "Carlo scrive perche' deve scrivere." ---> soooo practical! :P Being right isn't always being helpful. :P
i could those comments being useful in a 200 line method :) but that's a whole other problem... I agree :) Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life. I agree with you 100% - but people are lazy and mostly apathetic and stupid - But I like the Crystal Method :) so sorry Skandar. Gotta copy your Q and A method to keep me from ultra boredom. Hope you didn't get a copyright for that. :) aparently the weather has the method for transitions :) Yes Sir!! I'm going to put the method to the metal and drive it all day long! Thank You! :) Its cold!!! I can imagine how cold its gonna be whenever it get colder.... Listening to Twisted Method to wake me up :) I can't believe how much I care for school this year. I have a new method of learning though and promissed myself not to "fall asleep" :) Making some great progress on my drum method - I see a light at the end of the tunnel :) just received my "Break Faster Macha!" sticker from a simple method of shall do the same for :D Walking into Whole Foods is now a different experience post Wallaby Monte Bene Pasta Sauce, : ) Thanks the intro! i have read others have used this method (asking others what they think) to define their vision!? :) I don't understand how a public option by 227% of Americans couldn't get passed! We're using the ACORN polling method. :) I feel safe in saying I've figured out an awesome new method for noses and huge claws to make the former quicker and the latter lighter :D .. and one in the mouth! That was my cousin's method anyway. :) This is a box of stuff people have in an office near mine. I really don't want to make so much popcorn to need an alternate method. :) In 20 minutes, we can try the "kissing it to make it feel better" method. :) Hands off method of increasing your followers network, :) Hands off method of increasing your friends network, :) Hands off method of increasing your friends network, :) ha! which one's method man & which one's redman? :) Off to Yale tommorow...ever seen How High? Gonna be just like that... Hey Kelly, thanks for feedback, always try to keep a little method to the madness :) Hands off method of increasing your friends network, :) Omg. Ej just landed and at the gate i am now listening to now we become of it by the break and repair method. Its a sign. :) Downloading now. :) Will have to put this method to use more often, helps the argument of getting rid of cable altogether! Hands off method of increasing your followers network, :) yes it's my preferred method of texting. :-) it went quite well thank you :D the customer had some complaints but we of proved that his method of application was it! It is also your duty to share the recipe and method! :-) yay for a great season of music!!! india, knaan/redman:method man/hov/ye:gaga!!! so excited =) great :) did you get to 3G JB 3.1 on windows using that method? stock 3.0, then redsn0w, then custom 3.1 ipsw? ya, the 'archive it all' method is email bankruptcy - I'm hesitant to go that way. =) Ah! VisualSVN Server is the ish! talk about simple compared to the manual method! Argh I want those hours back nao! :D ol capslocking shift button holdin ass << THATz RITE & U ALWAYz SEE ME DON'T YOU, AHAA! METHOD 2 MY MADNESS =) I'm always finding money in my jeans :) That's my method of savings lol(lemme get a dollar lol Tentative method my twitterberry :) hope this works. Creative possessed of inflowing DC. i know but you got to somewhere :) i have it for logging and exception handling in the same method. Had 4 lectures today: Contract, Land Law and 2 Legal Institutions and Method. Actually enjoyed them all! :D ttc 2 years...however, no protection for almost 8 years....you know the other method =) there is a method to my madness :) - Get a Vocalist. This method was developed as the machine lacks access to real singers - his 1st choice :) GET!! You remember GET method on HTML?? Errm... that's gonna work for me now! :) oh ok you have a method to your madness you need to change your name 2 :) Satoshi Tomiie and Ken Jordan from Crystal Method at the diner next door to Playhouse :) LOL you two are crazier than I thought. This new payment method is boggling. :D fantastic frugal method eat at home :D Make me one too please :) And surely a bool method should be called Is__? So I.IsRequired(... YESS! Like on the show "Method & Red" :D Tightening stops on $EURGBP Using what I now dub the method...I'm trying 2 use this with discipline! :)
You're absolutely right. If someone isn't giving you any respect, kick them out of your world. :) You always misspell it though. It's pedophiles. Let's show some respect to child molesters, Krispy. I mean, Kirstie. NOT COMMEND A PERSON ON A JOB WELL DONE??? NO NEED TO BE A HATER IS A POWERFUL BOND!! One of my biggest issues despite having low self issues is pride, and a demanding of respect from others in my life. Respect! I LOVE IT! Ayoooooo wtf!!!! This nigga AL datin LISA RAYE!!! & they got a sextape....smh I lost respect 4 her<--- she $$$$ hungry Treat yourself with love and respect. Accept yourself for who you are. Still make time for your that's the move!!! I respect your grind! Where yu go to school again?? In md right? riddle me this?Can that science SAVE your soul from eternal damnation? JESUS can! ;) (I respect the positivity of yoga) PEACE. LOL I don't think I could date someone who thinks twitter is dumb. He must admire and respect twitter. Extra credit if he tweets too. Treat your with love and respect. Accept them for who they are. Treat your a Great little website for an incredibly talented fimmaker. Respect! Top of the morning.. I wanna say I really like what ya doing and affiliated with.. Much respect! for Carly Fiorina, contempt for the self-respect of Republican voters hasn't precluded their nomination in the past decade. not sayin bend2their tune. But millions of readers buy the paper cos they like it - need to respect that if we want them back Greetings humans, much respect and love to you, a girl will respect ya BITCH NIGGAS more if you keep it REAL i know its hard for some of ya but try it yo Stunna, Zo still rockin w u? Tell him call Hev...much respect! State wants respect? Then don't suck, win games, and stop whining: Treat your with love and respect. Accept them for who they are. Respect 4 Pariaman Aye, Eric- it is rather. Sadly, there are a lot of people we respect and admire that are taking that line in his favour. shared a post titled "Do You Respect Your Ancestors" on Gather I respect the pros I saw a guy come out from 59th St. with a crate of spray paint in broad daylight! The lives. Execs respect the grind, lazy ni**as get no shine! I should rap..LMAO Love of neighbor can be a slippery slope if you have little self-respect. It then turns into something entirely different. And God love? There is no greater treasure than the respect and love of a true friend.--aww your welcome. Muuuah Friend!! :-D So sweet. I have so much respect for his daddy for doing what he does for a living. Quest for a Long Life Gains Scientific Respect - Geographic location is no excuse for a lack of common sense or respect. fair enuf... guess i'll b doin' that then... but i have enjoyed the album so it will b it xo :) luv and respect God has no respect of person, What a beautiful thing (via but it still even. u him, he u. just forgive each other and pay respect of each other for now. One more lesson, some dinner, then heading to the dexter to send off Claudio. You should do the same. Have some RESPECT! Tweeting not flying! PLEASE DON'T HATE ME HEMMO I WAS ONLY JOKING I PROMISE I have HUGE respect for women - serious now. Dewasa ya? Haha I did this is because I do really respect for your life dont females have more RESPECT for themselves these days...makin niggas not even work hard to get them GOODIES smdh! Tracey white is a great man showing the deserved respect for jeremiah trotter and the eagles number 54 Ayoooooo wtf!!!! This nigga AL datin LISA RAYE!!! And they got a sextape....smh I lost respect for that fine piece of ass smh !!!! Those that reach the light!!! came thru darkness... Much respect... but many took some cuts.. I believe in journeys... Bob Sinclar is a cock, but respect to the Sugarhill Gang. That kid can dance like a mofo on fire is not gettin the respect it truely deserves their album is still bangin in my whip The "free market" has almost broken the entire economy w/respect to healthcare gov intervention is required for the good of all. Greetings humans, much respect and love to you, wow. U got a tweet mention from mumbrella. RESPECT!
i soooooooo wish Cars were Men..atleast a few Cars were :l Dear butthole. I will not blame all men for your actions. You obviously do not fall in their category. Robbers Rob Woodlawn Bank With Knives: Woodlawn police are looking for two men who robbed a Springfield Pike ba.. do some men think your hard if you go to jail what (that's no mans land) they hve to man up after wat happen to dem men are too complicated are men such assholes? SC ranked 8th in US for women killed by men do women in 2009 still think all men are dogs? Somehow I wasn't shocked to hear a bunch of guys that can't get girlfriends made the rest of the worlds men equally as useless to women. also ck out what is doing for young men and also Had no idea the Mad Men theme was RJD2. (Licensing is major). Get the Emmy beauty breakdown for Elisabeth Moss/Mad Men with mostly Shu Uemura cosmetics! It's raining men at Vanlue today. Have now seen 2 rather large men wearing 'fat men are hard to kidnap' Bless. <<Chuckle! I can't pay attention to strange men who sexually harass their students. Sigh Australia need 4 runs off 6 balls. I would be most surprised if they don't get it. Dhoni & men can packing bags back. ..4tht price thy ought 2 feed it 2u whil half nakd men fawn ovr u. ->Whr do I sin up 4 this?! Okay, some people need to learn how to brush their teeth. And wear deodorant. And not surprisingly it's usually men who failat this. Ten odd economic indicators (including hot waitresses and men's underwear) | Popstars video/text Jockey celebrates 75th of men's briefs - Baltimore Sun: Jockey .. Just keep in mind that you might not feel like it, but most men think it is incredibly sexy! Ended up in LSGH clothes. touched men's underwear and with a grade school boy. The norm. "Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition." Timothy Leary Men!they're hot blooded!I'm freaking cold too, well WAS this morning now it's warmer and i'm too hot with my winter... Brand new to Twitter,, but I think I may like it, I am all most ready to launch my brand new skin care line NITRO for men. platinumskincare According to this problem statement, women is superior to men from genetic aspect. iTunes Top TV episode: "Out of Town - Mad Men" Changes at Sterling Cooper affect Pete and Ken. Don and Sal go... CONTRAST "They loved the approval of men rather than the approval of God." Jesus in Joh12:43||So many money ministries seek man's approval. SOMEONE TELL ME....why do some men think LESBIAN means you sleep with men SOMETIMES??? Dam get a DICTIONARY!!!! LES ... SAVE $191 - Golana Men's Swiss Aqua Pro 100 Watch $159.00 watching Cathy draw pictures of naked men for fashion i soooooooo wish Cara were Men..atleast a few Cars were :l I said yall men need to stop lieing to these Zip zero chicks that's why they called them self platinum Is Rihanna Giving Up On Men? - Pt1) Yes, all normal men will gaze at the plaid most will do so briefly and discreetly with a private appreciation. say u walk into a nail salon & u C 2 men in it 1 doing hands 1 doing feet no nail polish on either 1 just cleaned & cut who looks more gay? Guh. I wish Brief Interviews with Hideous Men was playing somewhere around here. Cremation is cool! Ten odd economic indicators (including hot waitresses and men's underwear) | eurgh, so glad im single. i hate dates and men and everytthhannnh.. why oh why?? some people are just a waste of time. AMEN!!! The unphilosophical majority among men are the ones most helplessly dependent on their era's dominant ideas. Eeeeuuuwwww - it's got pictures of them on a manniquin and everything. Please all men - don't wear thongs! It's just wrong, thong wrong!! Police Scanner- NYPD looking for 2 men in subway with "Wires around their neck" (via scary news, funny pic Mad Men: Betty Updates the Living Room watching Cathy draw pictures of naked men for fashion Men are Significantly More Impacted By Shock Ads than Women: A new media study among 318 males and females who viewe..
Not exactly disco but fave Madonna - Do you want to see me down on my knees, bending over backwards would you be pleased? Burning up I'm suprisinlgy pleased with the way I look todaay :) Headed to the Roosevelt soon. I think a premium group is going to be in attendance. Very pleased. Laid a concrete floor today....feeling quite pleased with myself....sore hands though Typical! My boiler's finally fixed and NOW the sun comes out, not that I'm not pleased to see it you understand. I'm pleased you found the speed networking event beneficial - I now have to try to teach people about the "speed" since you guys are 0-3 now Im pleased that we can show everyone how talented ateam we got when we make playoffsTrue fans got faith Get ready. Wingnuts are not going to be pleased Obama funding science. Pope pleased by business ethics debate since his encyclical Aww I'm pleased you read it and no problems. I love your flappers :) PBI is pleased to announce that Dean Erwin Chemerinsky will be joining Prof. Keith Sealing and Attorney Sharon... Monkey looks pretty pleased though. I was definitely more pleased with this week's ep. Gibbs was great and I got Z taking some responsibility finally. Thom Yorke dj'd at the roosevelt lastnight... And I'm just now finding this out... Not all that pleased w this situation. The University of Calgary is pleased to welcome His Holiness the Dalai Lama. Tickets still available: Morgan is most pleased with your correction Wasnt pleased to find rear wheel puncture just as was about to go out on bike earlier is pleased Ed Balls reiterated that homophobic bullying was unacceptable in schools. NIH audience looks thoroughly pleased. Alas, science is once again God the Father says this before Jesus does any ministry.. "This is My Son, whom I love; with Him I am well pleased.".. How perfound! VERY pleased to hear it!! Pleased and interested to see Facebook (fan page) has become third biggest traffic driver for a client of ours. Uploaded a new version of the work website. Pleased with it so far. Need more browsershots to test compatibility. So pleased to hear that - I had visions of you having too move everything by the weekend! Wish I lived closer & could help. Drama was topic of convo today..everyone was well impressed..still so pleased with it! Can now open kitchen bin and pull stuff out. V pleased with myself. Not sure why it makes mum shouty? thanks. :) Am pleased with it, although can't make it look quite the same. I need a full-time hairdresser... [Travel and Hotels] Maryland city pleased with Cape Air's numbers - so pleased you got through it ok... I'm great thanks .. chasing my own tail but nothing new there! Pleased your fridge crisis is getting x went out today to buy stuff for uni, came back with two pairs of heels... can't decide whether i should be pleased or annoyed Alistair Campbell today: "Sun backing Tories doesn't matter." Campbell 1997: "Really pleased Sun has come out for Labour." Thank you very much! I'm really pleased with it x I'm pleased to see the curse is working... I'm not gunna suffer alone lol Good man! We were pleased when she got a decent car this time around. Yes, it woke me up. I was not very pleased. Was pleased with the DWTS results. Kathy Ireland just wasn't bringing it nor was she ever gonna in my opinion. congrats! we were very pleased with I'm very pleased with my four stars. I haven't ready the story in 2 years so I don't know if the criticism is accurate ;) I am pleased by this african inspired cuff. Really pleased that my gym has recently got a cable crossover machine - one of my favourite pieces of equipment. He's posted some beardstuff on Facebook from time to time. I'm pleased to see he keeps it going. Natuzzi Sales Down 20.8%: ... when the company lost 26.5 million euro. "We are very pleased to.. The Rev. Henry Ward Beecher / called a hen a most elegant creature / The hen, pleased with that / laid an egg in his hat / (1/2) is pleased to announce the launch of Teaching Grammar for ESL/EFL Oh, I just worked something out that I am exceptionally pleased with. If it's not good for this project then for another. if you still have an invite for google wave, i'd be pleased to receive one. :) :P I know i was well pleased Kimi managed to hustle a result out of that dog of a car. I was just saying will Alonso do it longterm?
My stomach is currently in the throes of revolution. Soon, my friend, soon, you shall be apeased. : BST, but 4pm BST = 3pm GMT, and it's currently 3:18pm GMT anyway so .. :'( Territory Service Representative at JohnsonDiversey in Kansas City, MO: We are currently seeking a Territory Se.. Currently in Forgotten Chasm in Elven Blood Tired and trying to figure out math for calibrating a camera based on sets of vanishing points. Currently not sure how to reproject points.. so, 19 is currently running and is in Samoa? AND Survivor 20 is in Samoa too but Allstar cast? Any names confirmed for allstars? I just found out about this. is currently giving access to his affiliate club (usually sells for $27) On plane in route to Montana. LA currently 70 degrees. Bozeman snow forcast.....brrrr anyone have a good lawn care person they can suggest? we currently use Scott's and are lookin to switch to someone cheaper and better just got wireless up and running but then as your currently browsing my hardrive you probably know that. he shoudl hold his mouth. Its people who him that got him the grain of success he's currently clinging to. Currently editing my Friendster account.. I currently have 0 Google Wave invites....Boo! :( Currently interviewing people for these positions: 1)Customer Relations Executive 2)General Clerk Lucas steals my Doritos- look in the gallery for the video. He is currently the most recently submitted Currently Dry Time 01:18 AM Temp 12.7C Rain 0.0mm Wind 6.2kph W Humidity 75%- Currently at Basement Manor, Eastwood for the Sonic Shutdown show. Steve will be playing an acoustic set (all by himself) in a bit. Currently Recording Album! But you can now download our song MANIQUI D EPOUVANTE for free!! Have this version before the album comes out!!! Same here. I am currently trying to pester Kimmy for info on the Tracy character. It bugs me that there is still no1 casted. Currently Recording Album! But you can now download our song MANIQUI D EPOUVANTE for free!! Have this version befor ... currently planning a small business / Econ Dev conference on Nov 12, you Southern Star or Nick would you like to ? super awesome wet naked soapy time, stop thinking cause i'm currently getting clean Currently in Nandos with 2 HOT chick'ens Heroes... awesome show and in the 10 ten of what's currently hot. Funny how sometimes the stars align something good is actually popular. The Carnival Ecstasy is currently undergoing an extensive, 28-day, multi-million-dollar dry dock that will include... I do, but not much. Its currently 4:16am here. Currently Streaming: Tyler Messick - Half Lit Through The Leaves I'm currently helping out with the schoolboys in the evenings at the academy, I want them to be confident in front of goal. Everything is superb on this end currently @ work...awaiting 5pm =) Currently reading Swami Vivekananda's 'Raja Yoga' - mind boggling stuff. Currently looking for an OEM Key Fob for my 2005 Saturn Relay. I hate this car so much. my this evening! my life is currently a right stress. but i love it! <3 is currently thinking of the best way to fake a natural disaster in order to cancel classes for all colleges in south eastern Pennsylvania. currently paying the price for previously using the wrong tool for the job :( CURRENTLY IN SCH00L SICK AS HELL B0UTA DIE WAITING F0R MY NEXT CLASS T0 FML!!! I NEED S0UP 0R T0 BE CUDDLED UP WIT S0ME0NE Currently in in Blood Lust On the A14 eastbound between the junctions with the A45 and the A1, there are currently delays of 10 ... all I can think about this morning is the bag of knitting projects in progress currently residing in my car... FOD website is currently down, just in case you don't know. I'm currently listening to a mix of Godskitchen and Cream mixes, I think I've regressed back to my first year of Uni in '97 love it! Hello! I am very interested in your "Global Citizenship". I currently work for an NGO that encourages global volunteering. we don't have a website yet...we are currently in the process of launching but we already have clients in need of graphic work currently experiencing some very VERY random, working then bounce server with no changes / not working java troubles at the moment. "Kathy Ray" Joe Gideon & The Shark - A song that tells a story, not something you hear a lot of currently, very good Currently in Baton Rouge :) A2 Kent | Eastbound | Incident, 1 lane closed: On the A2 from towards Rochester entry slip from the A227 , there are currently .. A303 Wiltshire | Eastbound | Heavy traffic: On the A303 eastbound between the junctions with the A350 and the A345, there are currently .. M4 Berkshire | Eastbound | Broken down vehicle, 1 lane closed: On the M4 eastbound exit slip at junction J8 , there are currently delays..
got swagga tru tha roof! lol wus good?? u a lyricist? where can i hear ya music? Im a producer <- :) Watch The Ugly Truth wiff me? :) :)) is regina convinced that I'm lying? lol can't she just accept the truth :) Ha ha i speak the truth :D jk Whats up darling? :) wht do you mean 'unjust truth'? do you feel entitled to a sense of mental clarity? :) New moon sm the ugly truth :D film apa sih yang paling tweeps tunggu? yeah, assuming that the remains are legit. Pravda means truth, right? :) the ugly truth :) mulai muncul kapan ya? film apa sih yang paling tweeps tunggu? :) speakin the truth. how are ya? Hahaha! Bakit naman niya narealized? Sayang! Basta napatingin sa mirror! Ayun! Truth Hahaha! :-) Hey Matt!! Morning greetings from England - hope yr having a good week? Any truth to the 'Friends' movie rumour? =) is wondering are you telling the truth when you lie in bed? ..... gotta stop this :-) I heard u just get beat either way so what does it matter? :-) < Truth!! But we need some real talent to break haha! They got mad at u 4 speakin the truth? :D and yeah, a girl would sound bad saying that. Smh it's a man's world *thumbs down* danced 4 ur dude in ur boy and stilettos????<<<---every woman should ----- This is TRUTH! :) how??? I'm jus tellin da truth... =) Text me! :D Pc4pc. Truth box? Laying down. ... haha something like that, but it's the truth though right!? i'm not sure why i'm watching this crap, homesick i guess :) home from work. tonite was fun :) last nite was funner lol :D its too collddddd. txt me? --truth box also-- ... Text me! :D Pc4pc. Truth box? Going to write for a bit. ... Text me! :D Pc4pc. Truth box? Going to go lay down. ... Text me! :D Pc4pc. Truth box? You had your chance... ... Are both of those guys in the traffic ticket photo on the law firm comp smiling? What happened to truth in :) Tell the truth, did you work it out? :) I did, but that's just me, also it freshens up your skills... Text me! :D Pc4pc. Truth box? Huge headache :[ ... my favorite truth on myspace <3 "HEY VICTORIA, i love you :) oh & what do tigers dream of? when they take a little tiger snooze?" Just looking for the truth for all the dreams I'm chasing what I am to do ? With everything's against me. The answers are all wrong :D if "a lie you're most with" then that IS your truth :-) How are you sweetie? Truth or Dare? Truth:Tell me you love me. Dare:Let's kiss in the rain. You can be my umbrella. :D Doin it real ... Text me! :D Pc4pc. Truth box? Someone is driving to give me a coffee coolata! ... Text me! :D Pc4pc. Truth box? ... Truth or Dare.? Truth: Are you really that shallow.? Dare: P-P-P-Poke her face. P-P-Poke her face. :D Lls. ... You know, there IS more truth in your statement than I'd like to admit....you're refering to the BIG LOAD comment...right? :) Text me! :D Pc4pc. Truth box? ... Text me! :D Pc4pc. Truth box?! ... Well Today Was Really Boring. Truth Box? :) ... Rumour's going round you're due a visit to Aldershot? Any truth in that? :) Text me! :D Pc4pc. Truth box? ... wht's better?? The truth that draws a tear..or a lie that brings a smile??? [The truth :) xxx ] Text me! :D Pc4pc. Truth box?! ... Text me! :D Pc4pc. Truth box? ... If you have a cell phone text me :D Pc4pc. Truth box? ... If you have a cell phone text me :D Pc4pc. Truth box!? ... Speaking the truth and spreading the facts! :D Thanks but what else can u tell us single ladies? Have just watched WILTY & I knew Brooker was telling the truth too - encyclopedic knowledge of his columns? Yes :D im just tellin the truth no need to thank me :) .... nope..is it new? Text me :D Pc4pc. Truth box!? The rest of the days lookin pretty crappy, ... lied to your aquaintance to make them feel good? I do it all the time. Lol. :D -Sometimes the
I like it ... It's nice how they arranged it Okaii tht kan aLwayy be arranged...lOl Getting the Goose Creek office in shape for the Berkeley Chamber Mixer tomorrow night. Flowers are arranged, tables in place. Almost ready. just finished packing my wardrobe.. arranged all of the clothes in colors =) I think that can be arranged xD LOL that could be arranged Is there any logic to the order in which the carriages are arranged on ? Was the snap specifically taken & arranged as on the spot decision. that i may do!! drinks may be arranged!!! I <3 ur input T!! None of you are invited except byron because he arranged it I'll be seeing Lee. Can't remember if anything was arranged, but I'll be in town from 6.30/7ish... ooh its october tomorrow, i think a halloween night out should be arranged! fantastic! "Quique's head is not only full of strangely arranged organs, it's also full of dreams" Oh really? I'm sure I could have get something arranged. *winks* Arranged hire of nail gun for weekend so there's a good chance I/Hilary/the dog will be dead by Sunday sitting in cell bio trying to understand the collections of oddly arranged syllables called enzymes our teacher is trying to teach to us. Arranged Marriages Are They Truly Made In Heaven well arranged time is the surest sign of a well arranged mind - Sir Issac Pitman Subject: Sexual repression of women good for women? - by: Requiem: People who say they are happy in arranged ma.. tidbits: Graphite and diamonds are both carbon arranged in different ways on a molecular level. It's being said the girls mother arranged the sexual encounter and Polanski was not aware of the girl's age. I wonder if the Lakers arranged Odom's marriage so he could possibly make more $$ and thus stay in LA for less. I wonder if the Lakers arranged Odom's marriage to Kardashian so he could possibly make more $$ and thus stay in LA for less. Great work preparing a photoshoot. All arranged now only the photographers. Really bothers me when there r an uneven number of eggs in therefore they can not be arranged symmetrically. Yes...I have issues. I think that could be arranged. ;) yeah that's where she went last nite. But maybe you can come with us whenn we arranged a dinner outing. 24 Hours: The Starck Mix: 24 Hours : The Starck Mix is a unique 24 hour soundtrack, selected, arranged, compose.. because we have it arranged for a reason since, you know, there's four people living here Just arranged a meet & eat with owner(s) of Williamsburg's new SALTIE tmrw. Have you tried their pastries or sandwiches? (for I have finally up my iPod... and since dropping it the battery life has been reduced to about 20mins...!?!?!? Director of v large newspaper group on press trip 2 Caribbean, trying 2 score with girl journo he's arranged 2 commission Amazing Marvelous Square? Anti-Monitor Surveillance? Arranged Marriage Sucks? "Real love is always fated. It has been arranged before time. It is the most meticulously prepared of coincidences." Joshua Harris .@IanJSpector requests Lynard Skynard 'Freebird' to be arranged - I'm highly considering! Fall Conference '09 is in 2 days! Don't miss this! Space is still available. Rides/Drivers are being arranged at CRU Thursday night. Dad is making me "connect with my roots" and has arranged an evening of Brazilian Soap operas. "A favorita" sounds... not lame lol Meeting arranged for 8am tomorrow morning... are people mad? Don't they realise I rarely get out of my pyjamas before 11? ;-) you so need to come to Ireland you have a HUGE following over here. Any tour dates for Ireland arranged yet? lovely lady's xmas pressie arranged and it's not even October! win the power of well arranged musical notes to calm the soul is only surpassed by a couple of things that I can think of If you would like small or large or dinner's to be arranged contact Melissa Marais: info@beluga.co.za they look better in real life.....ya lucky I never swiped one and re-arranged the box....sharesees? Arranged the next meeting with Latvian University Student Council representatives, we're moving on with engaging SSE Riga in LSU more. They always pick the most despicable people to be on that show. "my carrots weren't arranged the way I usually like" hello! it's by invite only in Morrissons pub..arranged by the MTVN/Viacom people totally re-arranged the whole ground floor of the house, must find someting to do with these idol hands.. fuck yeah im getting my bangs arranged on sunday so why is Campbell of all people saying it doesnt matter when he arranged for Blair to fly 10,000 miles to get on his knees?
Kraft have dumped "iSnack 2.0" admitting the name hasn't "resonated" with Australians, but hope "iSnack 2.1" will smooth out the bugs :) i'll bet we're going to kena complained. IM NOT ADMITTING IT !! WHO DUNNIT?? I DUNNO!! nuh-uh, im not bright but im not THAT stupid :D for admitting she has a crush :) i love this new keilany!--> yeahh smh @ myself. for admitting she has a crush :) i love this new keilany! Got 1400 Baht for admitting to the hospital for one night :D I'm proud of you for admitting that. There's nothing wrong with a lil Miley. :) Lmfao I'll Admit Your Prettier. :D But I'm Not Admitting I Don't Luff You. That's A Lie! mexican again :) i could possibly have a problem. isnt admitting it the first step? thank you for admitting it :) Hell my name is Toi && I'm an...Get the FuKk ouTTa here..Lol first step is admitting :-) first step is admitting :-) Thank-you for admitting your feelings again. Oh I enjoyed my nice walk home :D ... I'm not above admitting that a lot of it has to do with the feedback and reviews. They really keep me going. ^_^ First step to recovery is admitting you have a problem. My addiction: video games. Now whatssthe second step? Oh yeah play video games. :D I'm addicted to twitter and FB. Is there a class or a group I can attend for this addiction? I need help. 1st step is admitting - check :-) Two things: is coming to Greenville today. :) and boy makes me happier than I'm admitting. step one is admitting that you have a problem :) haha thnx for admitting it. illlllyyyyyy(more) byee :) they have non medical positions. Try the admitting aspect or if you just want a job for now the of patient is ok :) Hunter told me the first step is admitting I have a problem :) well since ur admitting it online.. im pretty sure the case is solved.. :) Well done Emma. Admitting you have a problem is the first step towards beating it. :) nothing like admitting to felonies through Twitter, huh Sarah :) hehe. We all had them in those days - no shame in admitting it :) Rejoined the gym today! :-) Yep, admitting that it's finally Fall. :-P If I am, I'm not admitting it :-) admitting it is the :) lmao first step is admitting :-) I think the first step is admitting that I have a book addiction. <= Hi I'm Maritza & I'm bookaholic (so is ) :) Would be marvellous if one day you revealed an accent like that, admitting the voice we hear is just your telephone voice :) Seems to me that Reagan was admitting in quote you sent earlier that he wasn't one of the "best minds"... Couldn't resist. :) Just got BETTER: played a clip of Clinton admitting his affair between songs. Now playing "What it's Like" which I also loathed as a kid :) yes i am obssed with twitter (the first step to fixing your problem is admitting it) =) "ive got issues!" well at least your admitting it :) hes an addiction i dont mind admitting i have :) Oh man, that'd be awesome. Plus it'd give us an excuse to hang out :-) I hate admitting defeat but I'm def losing patience! because you also deserve to have perfect. They just admitting that they are not perfect to match you :) I hate admitting that he is a celebrity :) Best of the parade today? The Ms. Leshay cheering sections along the road. I'm glad you all are okay admitting I'm your teacher. :) dude what the crackhead! I didint mean to the first step is admitting you have a problem :) The first step is admitting you have a problem...very good jeremy ^_^ So is that you admitting you've not grow out of dressing up :) Really thought they looked good. But then wouldn't that be admitting the addiction. Not ready to do that yet. :) oh i do. Admitting u have a problem is the 1st step 2 recovery. :-) The first step is admitting it, right? :) HAHA Well, admitting IS the first step... :) That was definitely nice to see. Shawn admitting how strongly he felt about Gus without sarcasm was warm and fuzzy. :-) sounds like a good plan! so much to see for children's eyes (ok, admitting it, adults love it, too) ... :) is admitting how her best friend is her mommy...awww :) no shame D - it's okay - the first step is admitting there's a problem... it will flow after that (and when the season ends). :)
num num num :D lol, i always say that when my mouth's full and im starin at someone with wide eyes:p merci beaucoup :) My mouth's watering already! :) playing super mario sunshine!!!! HELLZ YEA! i did eely-mouth's dentist :) i didnt have a gamecube so i used my wii SO HANDY!! Now watching the episode of the fantasy boy draft dates :) I love Peyton and Mouth's date! So touching! Hope your Having a gr8t time,Luv Paris such a buitufill city thot u were gr8 in Big mouth's catch up program :) luv Brian Xxxx or if palin goes to a foreign country & bad mouth's our president for $$$... where's the outrage now? :) jumping he goes a little crazy but he jumps weird!! It's so hard to get a good position & not kill his mouth! :S but thanks :) 3 hs later and my mouth 's still numb from my visit to the Dentist, ... but, at least I can eat better :) !!!
what country are we living in? Nazi Germany or the Soviet Union. totalitarianism is the same no matter the uniform's color is. All the local navy boys have come to do their grocery shopping still in uniform. S'cuse me while I quietly swoon in the corner. *sigh* The Master Cleanse helped some. I am wearing a from high school...yes, Debra-my Academy of Our Lady of Guam uniform s.. longest i've stayed in my uniform. :S still thinking if my uniform's ready.. i don't wanna do the laundry! yikes! Have the Seahawks always had that green uniform? :-S Currently arranging the things in my bag for school tomorrow. Uniform's checked as well! I have no choice ): Yikes! I'm providing ham radio communications for an ADA run/walk tomorrow, but my uniform's still from last weekend's drill. Morning! Can someone kick the sun outta bed? It's making a attempt @ getting up & my drill sergeant uniform's in the wash. your uniform kicks my old uniform's ass. wat?! GREEN?!!..and ur skul uniform s BLUE?!hw's dat huh?..perfect combination!!! hahahhahaha! - Nice. School uniform's a bit of a giveaway, though. Hehe. d new uniform's thin? =p Wth... Even with my sleeves down just now, my arms are tanned too... Green and white but I do like the white version of the Titans uniform's. Time to fire up my uniform's best friend, Mr. Iron. *leans forward and places an extra pip on her uniform's collar then makes the Vulcan salute* Lieutenant Sato. Apparently I've been a 1st Lt for months.... awesome news, but now my uniform's outta date...
orh,okay:) nvm.see u real soon then!meet up sometimes:( okk?i'm gg to bed and the weather's killing me!!:( the weather's really damn humid!i'd try to sleep! damn those forest-burners!! The weather's getting cooler...it's an even better time for Old South Bar-B-Q. Follow Old South on twitter... Enjoy! Weather's quite nice her at the mo. weather's turning, time for pies? I think the roadworks have gone... Gosh this almost cold weather's SO amazing.These days Rio's almost the weather-paradise-place. So ok with that, God(?)Storm(?)King Triton(?) This weather's really bringing me down, more than I already am. No problem :D I agree with The weather's been rather unkind. at school =/ they at least the weather's nice! ... LMAO! I can tell the weather's changing. My unmoisturized skin is tighter than one of Joan Rivers' facelifts. it's cold here too! I had to breakout the "heavy duty" work hoodie! The weather's got me like Gucci Mane..."Brrrrrrr!" ...lol! The air quality is so damn bad in Singapore and the weather's a killer. Damn heat wave! 10K race on sunday! Hope the weather's nice :) doing my happy dance The weather's getting colder that means one thing... it's almost HOCKEY SEASON!!! :) The weather's getting colder that means one thing... it's almost HOCKEY SEASON!!! :) Better now..and the weather's changed..it's in the 80s...thank god...how bout u guys?? the weather's so breezyyy!! I love it!!! Sociology exam today. Weather's beautiful. Let's get it. The weather's freezing here in St. Petersburg. It's a beautiful city though! Huge new shipment of The Face just came in. The weather's getting cold, so swing by and pick up some TNF gear for the cold weather. Now that the weather's cooled down and summer's finally over, lets reflect on what happen here at Volacci this summer Hope the weather's nice today. :) Goooooood morning people! 15:00 BBC News: The latest national and international news stories from the BBC News team, followed by Weather. [S] Followed by Regional ... it's making my eyes quite irritated!and the weather's totally omg.hot & humid!:( no breeze at all?! Finally. Fall weather's kicking in. It's getting cooler. :-) Weather's a bit rubbish. Currently trying to come up with features for my radio show......any ideas? cool weather's got me thinkin' hot apple cobbler...want some? Apple Fest on Monument Circle, Thurs. 10:30-1:30 benefit for Indy's homeless. The weather's crisp and sunny, and distributors are telling us that their business is up it's fun to come to work again. It's a good day. Law of Mass Comm test, then on Saturday!! (The weather's gettin' nice too...) Think we're getting all weather's here today it was sunny wee while ago and now it's raining! :( Weather's bad, throat's sore. Had bird's nest earlier and I'm having porridge with abalone now. I'm feeling damn sian still. :( snuggling with the puppy in my favorite quilt, cold weather's not so bad. weather's nice by you then? still muggy here today. Weather's gonna' be really, really bad here for the next couple days and we're on satellite (grrr) so my Tweeting will be spotty... :( I bet the weather's nicer there than it has been in Atlanta the last few weeks... Weather's changing. My knees are killing me. 13:30 BBC London News: The latest stories from the BBC London newsroom, followed by weather. [S] 13:00 BBC News at One: The latest national and international news stories from the BBC News team, followed by Weather. [S] 13:00 BBC News at One: The latest national and international news stories from the BBC News team, followed by Weather. [S] A tiring day I must say. The weather's scorching hot. Moving off to Doha soon.. Oooh hope it turns up soon. And the weather's just to turn as well! Very autumny :) And da weather's so breezy. Man y can't life always b this EZ? She in da mirror dancin so sleazy. I getta call like where r u Yeezy? Local GSO Tweets The weather's getting cooler and fab jackets, hoodies & coats on sale I suppose you approve of the weather's new habit of snowing in Spring too? Most unruly. I like my snow in winter, thank-you. the weather's amazing today. i love florida cold fronts. The weather's just way too hot!!!!!!! In any case, weather's too foul to walk there now. The suspense will last us another day.
I think Google Wave is the most word on twitter today ! Haha. Chibi Abbey should be into every piece of ever. :P got call from jan colle, changed clothes, removed glasses, lenses, preparing for skype-performance-on-demand dark black thug meat into white boys asses i bet when kim k gets married her sisters wont b on her cover pge i mean it looks like they just lamar face in the pic i was doodling a while ago and wrote "get well soon then i it on my Bible :D rough play of thick huge thug dicks into white asses dark black thug meat into white boys asses How To Eject A Thin Disc Thats Accidentally Inside An Imac? - new client with a hacked Wordpress site: hackers 358 invisible links to bad sites in his template. Google blacklisted him. lol - I recently got a pillow from my mother that had original said "Life is Tweet" and she an 'a' = "Life is a Tweeet" Despite in a text, the principles imbued in a manifesto may determine how a community grows and its direction. yeahh. I have my IV already today. (no quotation marks. I just them because UT shrinks URLs automatically) Massive double opt-in ad submitters. NEW LEADS THIS MONTH... author contacted. tutorial Thanks ;-) rough play of thick huge thug dicks into white asses "Anusol suppositories are into the rectum" XD They even cut out all the where the Anime Diet logo was so that it would look like it was their own video. Spoke to the about the R4 script last night - is in final edit stage in which funny is Oh man! Just tested some EX1 footage & the card into my OS X.6 system! Crashed instantly! Glad I tested that one before tomorrow! Any genre that's more than one word DESERVES to have the word "f*cking" in the middle. Take THAT, Non F*cking Fiction! Any genre that's more than one word DESERVES to have the word "f*cking" in the middle. Take THAT, Non F*cking Fiction! look nigga dont be mad cuz aint no dicks gettin into any holes ahahah an cuz you wasnt invited hater ! hahah i hope u dnt eat my THE DREAM cd doggy bones!!! she should be carressed daily, slowly n told hw much she means to me... Al Quaeda is now using bombs inside someone's body.. Seriously. Travel will now suck even more. this was when the temp dropped 15F in an hour or so. Brrr. glad I the fleece, into my outer shell. Cardboard box? Luxury. Piece of rolled up newspaper in a camel. But did we complain? i like the quotes in this BRobin vid: "you may as well have your own name." when you saw me next you said: ...here are the real lyrics to Battle Hymn of the Republic: Lord was removed and Obama was in His place. Just my first IV. dark black thug meat into white boys asses dark black thug meat into white boys asses queue finished, 5284 approved hits All my interviews are being to my project right this at this moment! are you guys excited!!!! should i give out a clue? just saw a commercial. pretty sure they carnival cruiseline's tagline at the end of their copy. DVD into player with sticking a post-it, and only DVD was ejected... now strange sound is heard from player... :-/ who do i have to with to get a weekend between tuesday and wednesday? *ME!* who do i have to with to get a between tuesday and wednesday who do i have to with to get a weekend between tuesday and wednesday? Ah, so the mothership finally activated the mind probe we at A man an in the local classifieds : Wife wanted.Next day he received a hundred letters. Have mine. I'll have to check that out. I do have a 1 gig card into my phone. My DVD asked if I'd like to play the DVD from the point I left off. Turns out I only made it to the FBI Warning screen last time. Three people on FB were whining and I wanted to post if they object in hole it would cure their problems.. I was nice Thanks, (rude, obvious sarcasm here). youshouldhaveyourownnationalholiday. a needle into an electric socket when you were a kid? it's not such a good idea... lol I specifically meant r602, where a lot of cosmetic line breaks were besides the functional changes.
Slow morning. However, two silence wins today. Also... DROP. ROOM 254 IS OFFICIALLY OFF LIMITS TODAY, THE ROOM IS TOO FOR COMPANY Was in studio till stupid late last nite. recorded a suprise for y'all. Finished at 5am..up at 7am..bak to ny today. Effin Knackered!!! Watch for on LIVE webcast today at noon! See flower girl style 6143 in the FG fashion show. Watch for on LIVE webcast today at noon! See flower girl style 6143 in the FG fashion show. Watch for on LIVE webcast today at noon! See flower girl style 6143 in the FG fashion show. Friends, it is with regret and shame that I must announce here today that I did not receive an invitation to Google Wave. (...) Re-airing at 2pm & 8pm EST today-- Yo! MTV Jams is going in right now! All Ghostface vids back2back. Damn I am feeling it today. 15 Video Games That Won't Rot Your Kid's Brain | Droolicious: Today on Babble: 15 Video Games That Won&.. slept in. because that's the thing to do. no class today i guess. i've got better shit to do.. rugby trials match today. 1 big hit, couple of runs, got holden down coming out of scrum. 2010 Debut authors: LAST DAY TO JOIN TENNERS is today! Happening Today: Wednesday, Sept. 30 Ready for some good 'ol trivia fun? Join us today for the weekly JPS Twitter Contest! 2 pm EST. Please it's COLD out today, don't know how I am going to make it through the winter. You up for district 9 today? Today I discovered a new of the botanical garden, and a nice gazebo. Had a niceeee picnic with some friends. ohh and bush crafting :D OMG!! It's today!!! whooooooooooo! so stoked I'm on my grown smooth shit today with Wizard Of Poetry as my theme music. Specifically this PLEASE WEAR ORANGE AND GREEN TODAY IN MEMORY OF MY SON LUKE....THANKS TWITTER FRIENDS............LOVE AND LIGHT TO ALL Waking up at 5 today was rough.. Hate opening shifts. Ame feels the same way, shes cranky as hell. Different driver today. Was hoping my limo ride would not be bootleg, but one of the tires looks a little low. is spreading the sunshine today!!!! ... is subbing 3rd and 1st grade today....I hope it goes by quick.....I wanna take a nap before class tonight..... Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing begins today. Follow along at im soooo moody today! Ugh i have a college test today! ... Today I am feeling terrible/ok/great. We move slower in the country but things may be a bit slower in Newstead today as most of us were out till 2am at a barn fire... umm roderick *** my hair has me feelin rod today. wheres my oil sheen... bitch...bitch...bitch guess what? haha but today needs to b moving day on step1 Off to school. Take the bus for the first time today! Woot. is about to get on alllll the things to do today, around here a day off means more work than work and schoo ... Can't wait to see Walking with the Dinosaurs later today with the Boy!! Tell them, please follow me. Waving at Loyalist PR students who are all getting on Twitter today -- hi, everyone! Today's the last day to enjoy mussel specials @ 15 restaurants around the city & burbs. Maybe I'm just burned out from 8 days of this but this batch of jurors awfully vanilla today good morning my neck and shoulder i slept on it wrong the last few nights. so today im headed to get my new navigation installed and is doing alright today. ... got my copy of today :) The UPS man was nice an thought it was funny that I was excited I feel extra pregnant today! Almost done w my first trimester. Man, i'm so legit today. Gettin it done! I am feeling much better today. We need to pray - An with a preliminary magnitude of 7.9 struck in Indonesia. This class is super boring today. Trying hard not to fall asleep. Home at noon to play guitar hero and sleep. :) Today, I am "bold as love" - yea mang u workn today? hope i pass my osteology quiz today i pretty much knw it all just hope i remember wish me luck!sony better love me ...
GLOBALIST obama is militarizing Hardin ,Mt. with mercenary "American police force "foreign troops included stopping citizens local news Obama why r u militarizing police in Hardin , Mt. with paramilitary company patrolling streets with no say from local people , none . Nicaragua: "The strategy of militarizing Colombia has failed..." in non-military educational institution's freshmen orientation week. They're civilians,stop militarizing Militarizing the police. talk about militarizing the police! Militarizing Latin America -- In These Times
is this called desensitization therapy.... because if it is, then i'll be darned, it fucking works Manual desensitization of scrotal epidermis irritation: Beginning.......... Manual desensitization of scrotal epidermis irritation: Complete Manual desensitization of scrotal epidermis irritation beginning Manual desensitization of testicular epidermis irritation beginning. I went through a phase of desensitization to violence as a coping mechanism. Violence happens daily. But like I said in an about desensitization months ago, it should never get 2 a point where it's overlooked. Building confidence in a dog involves a lengthy process of desensitization. Be patient. Results will take a long time. hmm...Chicago Olympics, Desensitization of violence, Why is so great...that's all my blog suggestions...Ahoy! Penicillin DESENSITIZATION in I read that you can desensi I didnt even notice your profanity. Yay for desensitization? Once again, the desensitization of senseless violence shown for the whole world to see. We have got to do better, Chicago!!! or desensitization: people are exposed to so much violence in the media, violence no longer makes a strong... Oh, and the desensitization idea with friends passing by is really good, and I've heard that be Probably because you work in a hospital and he (presumably) doesn't. Desensitization has its advantages. One ear or both? Tried allergy desensitization or Aciclovir...? Desensitization nation: Increasing trends in movie violence - Concordian Media Desensitization Ploy. Peaceful Protest Blocked at Pittsburgh G20 How have you used as a memorial, reminder of abuse & challenging desensitization? Please R/T! (via Cooke: endorses eye movement desensitization therapy, cognitive behavioral therapy for CF. How have you used as a memorial, reminder of abuse & challenging desensitization? Please R/T! How have you used as a memorial, reminder of abuse & challenging desensitization? Please R/T! How have you used as a memorial, reminder of abuse & challenging desensitization? Please R/T! i spending a few minutes cleaning up my net accounts, then off to the doctor for my weekly desensitization shot Or, if you're trying to get attention from your instructor, make your movie Bully and talk about desensitization through media. why do people get offended or shocked by anything anymore? i'm for desensitization. get over it. get over everything.
Beautiful visualization of the contiguous U.S. by mapping McDonalds' locations. Speaks to healthcare debate. Anyone using google visualization with php out there? what Social Network Analysis Visualization Software are you using? Manyeyes visualization (infographics ) Austin MSA vs food stamp use 2008 using Social Network Analysis Visualization Software- input users info & find out data about indivls centrality, reciprocity, brokering etc Google launches climate layer, creates first visualization of global climate change What're 'visualization tools you have seen recently, that you can pipe your data into? Google launches climate layer, creates first visualization of global climate change More Truth About Twitter | Information Is Beautiful twitter visualization More Truth About Twitter | Information Is Beautiful twitter visualization Law Of Attraction Empowerment Visualization | Walnut Creek ...: Consciousness is.. Law Of Attraction Empowerment Visualization | Walnut Creek ... WOW (and scary) visualization: map of the US based on McDonalds locations: Developer Challenge for App and Visualization: Winner gets free CharlieCard for 1 yr! For more: w/Obama08 campaign, 2 a prole, its been a congenitally Pavlovian & self-induced, selective blind-spot visualization Developer Challenge for Application,Visualization: Winner gets free CharlieCard for 1 yr! For more: Computer Assisted Surgery Visualization with Augmented Reality Manyeyes visualization (infographics ) Austin MSA vs food stamp use 2008 Law Of Attraction Empowerment Visualization | Walnut Creek ... - Videos interactive sample demonstrating instant collaborative data mapping & visualization with "Making Real-Time Data Come Alive with Flex Data Visualization" session 1 sold out. Still seats in ses2 Visualization of the McDonalds in the US. Social nice visualization of trends. See it here: via Web Trend Map: great of top trending links by trusted sources Off The Wire: OSC Offers Remote Interactive Visualization Using NVIDIA Quadro Plex Systems: PNY Te.. Want gobs of cash? Go to Make app that integrates with all of 'em. Provide analytics & visualization. $ WOW Interesting (and scary) visualization: map of the US based on McDonald's locations: Manyeyes visualization (infographics ) Austin MSA vs food stamp use 2008 Law Of Attraction Empowerment Visualization | Walnut Creek ... Interesting (and scary) visualization: map of the US based on McDonald's locations: slightly blinding. US McDonalds map visualization (via // this is pretty sickening. Interesting (and scary) visualization: map of the US based on McDonald's locations: Scary bur brilliant visualization map of the US based on McDonalds!! US McDonalds map visualization (via // this is pretty sickening. Manyeyes visualization (infographics for the rest of ya'll) Austin MSA vs food stamp use 2008 Interesting visualization: map of US based on McDonald's locations: Law Of Attraction Empowerment Visualization | Walnut Creek ... Google launches the first visualization of climate change -- Interesting (and scary) visualization: map of the US based on McDonald's locations: Can't wait to check out Google Wave later today. I'm going to use positive visualization to ensure that my invite arrives today... Interesting (and scary) visualization - a map of the US based on McDonald's locations I'm lovin it. A great visualization of why America has an obesity problem. Check out the mapped density of McDonalds in the US Law Of Attraction Empowerment Visualization | Walnut Creek ...: Consciousness is the creative facility of.. Visualization of the McDonalds in the US. Google launches the first visualization of global climate change.
reviewing this eve.'s lecture notes: militarization, military occupation, just war theory--and linking these 2 colonization& decolonization Tuesdays! I have 2sections of "Intro to American Indian Studies"& a "Theories of Decolonization" course. It's a joy to be@ a tribal college really enjoying time at the Montague Bookmill. Reading about Calypso and Carnivale in relation to colonization, decolonization nat'lism Decolonizing the Digital/Digital Decolonization Decolonizing the Digital/Digital Decolonization: Dossier from the Worlds & Knowledges Otherwise Project Decolonizing the Digital/Digital Decolonization: Dossier from the Worlds & Knowledges Otherwise Project I AM DONE WITH INDO-PAKISTAN WAR! Now, I have Decolonization, Political Structures and Religious Fundamentalism left for history. Decolonization Registry Bill Goes Up For Public Hearing Hearing on my Bill 184--to add Chamorro Land Trust applicants to the Decolonization registry to advance the self-determination vote. "decolonization is quite simply the replacing of 'species' of men by another 'species' of men."Fannonp35 concept of species In other word, Cs abused his cahos, anarcy situation after suddern decolonization by rasing the war so u.s had resposibilities to help him. Yaayyy!!! Just won my first college debate! Three cheers for decolonization! .....decolonize your mind... True, but it still makes me question whether decolonization in INHERENTLY violent. True, but it still makes me question whether decolonization in INHERENTLY violent. "decolonization is always a violent phenomenon" (Fanon 35) What about Gandhi? at the library getting ready to reading "Inventing Decolonization."Social constructs week is going to stretch into two weeks isn't it? Gordon Brown on MSNBC thinks the way forward for Afghanistan is, apparently, "Afghanization." Right. I call that decolonization, dickwad. UNE's inaugural Donna M. Loring Lecture titled "Red Hope: Weaving Waponahki Policy toward Decolonization" by Reb..
SOOOOOOO YUNGBERG REALLY GOT HIT ???????????WHEN THYS HAPPEN CUZ IM LOST AS HELL FAB JUS KEEP GOIN LIKE A ENERGIZER BUNNY !! I didn't get my 10,000 steps in! It feels great! I feel a bit like the Energizer Bunny! must I go on and on and on and on.....damn that energizer bunny lol - I miss you, Energizer Bunny! yep....the one and only...bionic and built with energizer batteries//i like battery operated toys!! ;) Three Tips for Becoming an Energizer from Real energizer bunnys recharge with moments, feelings, things that build strength n ennnerrrrgizzzze! Recharging isnt optional. is the hip hops energizer bunny.. The punches keep commin & commin & commin.... $2 off Energizer Hearing Aid Batteries Free Sample U R like the Energizer Bunny- U keep going and going and going..... I think Ann Hayman just lead and armss in an energizer b4 her keynote Glass half empty or full? Become an energizer in your business, watch the results change. Breaking news! Energizer bunny arrested. Charged with battery. Damn! You're STILL humping!!! I aint stoppin til you do! *humps faster* You're like the energizer bunny!! Energizer bunny arrested,charged with battery...... Hurry into The Source & stay powered up! Buy one package of Energizer e2 Ultimate Lithium Batteries and get the... Energizer $ENR seeing unusual call interest $$ i had a dynamic day with kids. they are a real energizer. & i have to listen with 17 ears. is so ready for the weekend, I've been like the energizer bunny and my batteries are about dead... ... New blog posting, $69.99 - Energizer - Protective Case w/ Built-in Battery for iPhone (AP1500) - Retail - New blog posting, $69.99 - Energizer - Protective Case w/ Built-in Battery for iPhone (AP1500) - Retail - Energizer with EnergizeMe! LIVE @ <-- 20-22 Uhr! \o/ Schaltet ein :D Energizer Bunny arrested and charged with battery Energizer Bunny arrested and charged with battery Energizer Bunny arrested and charged with battery Energizer Bunny arrested and charged with battery bout to take a nap then get back on wit my day, thought i was da energizer bunny but i'm so tired, did alot & still got alot more 2 do..Zzzz I feel like da energizer bunny again. Keep goin and goin and goin. ... I'm the Energizer, Playboy bunny I keep going &nd going &nd you know it that's why they call me Go Girl (: BREAKING NEWS: Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery. ...lol Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery. Energizer $ENR trading at 64.75, 70Oct calls active 1570 contracts vs 395 open interest. i had a dynamic day with kids. they are a real energizer. & i have to listen with 17 ears. A spot for Duracell with small pink stuffed rabbits, functioning with Duracell piles. Aren't pink rabbits energizer? $69.99 - Energizer - Protective Case w/ Built-in Battery for iPhone (AP1500) - Retail Love this! Three Tips for Becoming an Energizer - Rosabeth Moss Kanter - HarvardBusiness.org Kevin smith is the energizer twitter bunny. He doesnt stop tweeting! lol To InterviewBest Good leaders are energizers who find the positive and run with it. Are you an energizer..say so and give examples dont u ever sleep? ur like the energizer bunny...lol Three Tips for Becoming an Energizer - Rosabeth Moss Kanter - HarvardBusiness.org Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery !!! 3 Tips for Becoming an Energizer By Be an Energizer b/c Energizers don't dwaddle. (from the Change Master Rosabeth Moss Kanter) Energizer NH15BP-2 ONLY $9.31 AT Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery. Energizer ER-DCW-SONY ONLY $25.71 AT Three Tips for Becoming an Energizer - Rosabeth Moss Kanter -: Three Tips for Becoming an Energizer - Rosabeth ..
regularizing my electrical system
Aight folks I'ma fux wit yall a lil later. Got pine 2 blaze and $ 2 make. Anythang else would be uncivilized. <=== [Display pic] ==== YEA I'M THAT CLEAN..... MY IMPERIAL STYLOCITY won't let me become less fresh. Anything less is uncivilized! Rage & murder by uncivilized Americans: I know I haven't been tweet'n like I usually jus had a lot on my mind u know....gettin deez uncivilized ppl away from me.... Blasphemy is like breaking wind. It shouldn't be banned, but it's annoying and uncivilized. I'm from the islands but I love this weather! Me too but 65 70 cool with me, anything less is uncivilized lol Waking up at 6:30 is really uncivilized.... Gotta brush my teeth, get the car warmed up, collect my things, then I'm off to the school i agree. parang bumalik sa old uncivilized Marikina... yea its uncivilized out there Yes & can't u trace back culprit to window? Um, are your neighbors uncivilized? re: garbage out windows. Oy. - and this was the uncivilized of the night lmao Ugh Uncivilized PPL Roaming The World... I'm Bad But Damn I'm BEERAN DAVID PINTO anything else would be uncivilized..humor is a must Call Us Wat U Want Jus' Dont Call Us Broke - Datd Be Uncivilized Some of them seem to be rather uncivilized... When you look at life the best happiness is family happiness (real talk)<< Amen to that. Anything else is uncivilized Sounds like AE w/ the gun incident Wow now KDY looks like a ghetto, uncivilized school. All KDY goers need to check the... understands that what happened in Chicago was a disaster, but for the ppl on Fox to call the ppl of Chicago uncivilized barbarians is ---- they were just called "uncivilized" on Sean Hannity show, and I agree. Fox News Glenn Beck lol on Fox News Sean Hannity the guy just called the Student beating in Chicago as uncivilized people LMAO about time. Glenn Beck Sweet! I think I just might go with Uncivilized. You know my love for season 1. Will just have to do the flip thing. Jus dropped a rack on my family jus cus I feel like it ..anything else is uncivilized!<<<NOW THATS WAT IM TALKIN BOUT!! It only shows how uncivilized some people are. Jus dropped a rack on my family jus cus I feel like it ...Yeah im on the road...but I hold mine down...anything else is uncivilized! indeed, so would i. haha i was always proud of my stompings <- badass but my relatives thought it was uncivilized <- cattle Wow now KDY looks like a ghetto, uncivilized school. All KDY goers need to check theirselves. - yes!! its a damn shame... Wow now KDY looks like a ghetto, uncivilized school. All KDY goers need to check theirselves. --- lol sounds like we going to have a bad rep now Wow now KDY looks like a ghetto, uncivilized school. All KDY goers need to check theirselves. Wow now KDY looks like a ghetto, uncivilized school. All KDY goers need to check theirselves. agreed. Anything less than organic would be uncivilized anything less would be uncivilized lmao 6 speed all day << stick shift all day!! anything less would be uncivilized lmao 6 speed all day Anything else would be Just keep being positive and every day! Survey says....club Rayn 2nite wit SBE and Bo Weezy! NE thing else would be uncivilized ON DECK Survey says....club Rayn 2nite wit SBE and Bo Weezy! NE thing else would be uncivilized Survey says....club Rayn 2nite wit SBE and Bo Weezy! NE thing else would be uncivilized New fridge is being delivered tomorrow..... At last!! 8 days without a fridge is just uncivilized... This is uncivilized I'm a strong vampire girl I'll live my live and froget about the uncivilized people ^^ I hvnt drank in about 2 1/2 weeks!!! this is uncivilized!! Lol <<IKR! blasphemy lol In addition Edison Computech/ High is probably the best schools in the CV. "Everything else is uncivilized" MS does seem remarkably uncivilized at times (especially with the reliability of power at water). No shoe's no no service! Anything else would b uncivilized.... But it's a cold world.... why did you let me go to it's uncivilized here, I should have gone to LA or back to NYC. I am with you on the puppy mill issue! There is no need for them to exist in a civilized world, or even in an uncivilized one. "he drugged and raped a 13 year old he had position of power over. it's so uncivilized to arrest him. shame on the swiss" F U U moron. yeaa i would expect u 2 say that of cour$e nethnG el$e wuD B unciviliZed lmaoo ur rite yeaa i would expect u 2 say that of cour$e nethnG el$e wuD B unciviliZed I need a topic for my Hate blog (hate on dead beat parents) now I gotta run from yo uncivilized youngins... yes ma'am. anythang else would be uncivilized. i'm def gonna keep in touch b/c i know we can do some work 2gether
BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) Just got the sickest blackberry case ever for the 8900. Micro thin about half the thickness of a dime, metal & rubberized. Feels like paper BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) Speck PixelSkin Rubberized Case for iPod touch 2G (Black) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 Curve (Dark Grey) Rubberized claw?? Chocolate ants?? Sir, if you will just step over here, we are afraid you are a bit.. OFF!!! :-) the rubberized clawhammer gained the attention of the graveyard workers as the sidecar evaporated into chocolate ants It was the rubberized clawhammer that gained the attention of the graveyard workers as the sidecar evaporated into chocolate ants BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300 Curve (Black) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300 Curve (Black) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300 Curve (Black) BlackBerry Rubberized Skin for BlackBerry 8300 Curve (Black) Lavender Rubberized Shield Protector Case for Sanyo SCP-2700 So apparently, RAM can also stand for "Rubberized Asphalt Melter." Now you know. Mrs. Tac wants to go shopping for a new door mat -- the rubberized kind for the Winter salt. Tweet ya later alligator!! Rubberized our club agility contact equip! Gr8 4 dogs & pretty easy 2 do. Materials & step-by-step on my blog: Samsung i8000 Omnia II Rubberized Back Hard Case New blog post: Lowest Price Solid Dark Purple Rubberized Snap on Crystal Hard Case USB Rapid Car Charger USB Home Travel Charger U ... Premium Rubberized Shell Cover with Fishbone Super Grip for Apple iPhone 3G 8GB 16GB (Choose from 8 Styles:... Premium Rubberized Shell Cover with Fishbone Super Grip for Apple iPhone 3G 8GB 16GB (Choose from 8 Styles:... Premium Rubberized Shell Cover with Fishbone Super Grip for Apple iPhone 3G 8GB 16GB (Choose from 8 Styles:...
Architecture Visualization Specialist: Grimshaw is seeking a talented and creative Architecture Visualization S..
I shot the sheriff BUT...is it popular bc it verbalizes a common behavior (making excuses) or bc it's catchy?
Keynes, Explained Briefly: (simplistic and "vulgarized", but still nice) Carbon, Trees, and Fire vulgarized by Richard Feynman.. Carbon, Trees, and Fire vulgarized by Richard Feynman.. Carbon, Trees, and Fire vulgarized by Richard Feynman.. Carbon, Trees, and Fire vulgarized by Richard Feynman.. [Geeks Are Sexy] Technology News: [Geeks Are Sexy] Technology News Carbon, Trees, and Fire vulgarized by Richar.. Carbon, Trees, and Fire vulgarized by Richard Feynman.. 24 Www Red Tubecom: www red tubecom shy beauties from the corresponding bjs land are vulgarized throughout the powe.. Carbon, Trees, and Fire vulgarized by Richard Feynman.. [#GEEK] Carbon, Trees, and Fire vulgarized by Richard Feynman Carbon, Trees, and Fire vulgarized by Richard Feynman Carbon, Trees, and Fire vulgarized by Richard Feynman
RCMAT: a regularized covariance matrix approach to testing gene sets Proceedings A: A boundary element regularized Stokeslet method applied to cilia- and flagella-dri..
well, he could turn it on its head later. and there is a LOT to be said about secularization of the sacred. Also his is called "The Secularization of the Sacred" but it's about the sacralization of the secular which isn't the same Just read a draft copy of Barry Harvey's "One and a Half Cheers for Secularization." He is a brilliant theologian. Secularization and Revival: The Fate of Religion in Modern Intellectual History. Here's the link to the talks & line-up: Is secularization still a myth? The Secularization of Adventist Higher Education in America: [Spectrum] The Secularization of Adventist Higher Education in America: Much has been said recen.. Pope is going (saturday) to Prague. Great expectations for lectio magistralis dedicated to and secularization Pope is going (saturday) to Prague. Great expectations for lectio magistralis dedicated to atheism and secularization Pope is going (saturday) to Prague. Great expectations for lectio magistralis dedicated to atheism and secularization
Demobilization, Disarmament, and Reintegration Project Manager, Sudan, IRC Demobilization, Disarmament, and Reintegration Project Manager, Sudan by Demobilization/Reintegration (DDRRR) personnel has contributed to a rise in surrenders in Rwanda Moore makes crucial point about demobilization of Dem-leaning voters and low turnout in mid-terms. Moore makes crucial point about demobilization of Dem-leaning voters and low turnout in mid-terms. USEC Updates Status of American Centrifuge: As a result of the demobilization, USEC reduced project employment .. GUIBERSON FIRE: The protection of valuable agricultural assets continues and the demobilization of excess firefighting equipment continues.
Yeah, I figured. I've watched a bunch of real games on TV. I know that movies sensationalize everything (re: paintball on TV). Guess how much your daily morning preaching on TV suck because a) They sensationalize everything and finally, Kalki - the white man. :@dictiondavies But I want to watch the tsunami from the of my office chair! Sensationalize me! Apparently, since I refuse 2 sensationalize my life or allow pictures of my family or my house, i'm not colorful enough 4 a photo interview. Linkbait. Isn't this what our society is coming to. Cut everything down in to small chunks and sensationalize it. ... so how do we sensationalize being even-tempered and fair-minded through SoMe to the point that it gets noticed? How does the media "sensationalize" murder? Wasn't Nicole Brown Simpson's murder sensationalized & don't ppl STILL hate OJ? he is also trying not to sensationalize things and look at them in the ways that mabe arabs look at things. If you have a story, then tell the story truthfully and honestly. This case is bad enough, no need to sensationalize anything about it. I can understand why Dan Brown needed to sensationalize the Davinci Code much more than Angels and Demons. Critics took the bait. This innovative creation will sensationalize your figure by reshaping you from shoulders to your legs Have we become desensitized by the need to sensationalize and lost our humanity along the way? Youtube = 1 / Humans =0 . Why do people find the need for other people's business to be theirs? And why do they need to sensationalize it? Don't get me involved, b. i hate how democrats sensationalize everything--especially when they don't have their facts straight. Dear abs-cbn (and basically all the journalists out there) Please dont sensationalize Ondoy. We painfully know how damaging it was. Thanks. it was of their agreement, TSN wants to sensationalize it. secondly nice way to sensationalize with the "chemical weapons" Don't eva sensationalize incest as a tabloid story. That shit is soul destroying, not4 analysis by a**holes. Wtf iz wrong w us Another is to accurately the facts, not sensationalize the world into one of supervillains and evil lairs. How to sensationalize a news story in 4 easy steps Fury At Media's Tendency To Over-exaggerate and Sensationalize. Photo: mrdrd: I PETA. I think the only way idiot humans will listen is when you sensationalize things... Photo: cinematt01: I PETA. I think the only way idiot humans will listen is when you sensationalize... Note abt previous - I didn't see any violence or riots in your coverage. Don't sensationalize just to get viewers. Photo: hottness: I PETA. I think the only way idiot humans will listen is when you sensationalize... Question for U: How much sensationalize is used in Social Media today? CNN great that you got the interview w/ Mugabe but please don't sensationalize 5% of the interview just for the hype of it. This innovative creation will sensationalize your figure by reshaping you from shoulders to your legs Chinese incursions in UP Not! But that's how media loves to sensationalize innocuous news I know. They have to sensationalize it to get the viewers. But, it is so incredibly gorgeous to watch... it's not the VA connection but the fact that it's yet one more reality show that will over sensationalize. Way to sensationalize death, Rick! Get those viewers! And you tease it beforehand too!
I believe that "task management" and "time management" should really be called "life prioritization". Hardest of being a corp sales mgr is organization & prioritization. Easiest is driving to the meeting. 2:30 appt here I come... Totally not what I meant! =D 'proletariatization' could be prioritization, proletariat's or parametrization. just walked me through a feature of IdeaJam that will allow ranking/prioritization of IdeaJam ideas.#ideajam just walked me through a feature of IdeaJam that will allow ranking/prioritization of IdeaJam ideas. By tomorrow my work inbox will break 1,000, home inbox already there. I'm thinking it's time find a new filing and prioritization system Insanely busy today. But defeat it I will. For I am Harry, enemy of procrastination and proponent of task lists and prioritization. Kanban, Scrum or WTF? I've got user stories, releases, backlog but not iterations. Prioritization happens when I'm free to do more work. I just can't believe it's taken 10 freakin' years D: There's a serious need for prioritization in that country, I reckon. the techs have been playing around with the prioritization among other things. sleep (not rest). water, zinc (quick melt tabs), vitamin c. (in that order of prioritization). take all in copious amounts. So if not shaped, has YouTube been upped in the prioritization stakes? What does it say for my prioritization skills when I cross the first thing off my to do list from this morning at 6:30PM? I asked Marked if their AR was tied to their packet prioritization;) but he's not in that dept. Try paying them...see if it fixes My new favorite word is prioritization. What's yours? Conducting training session on prioritization. Everyone came on time. My work is done. Tweeting is a mini course in journalism. Search, Analysis, Inference, Editorial prioritization, Composition, Promotion and Reach. Join us for a webcast on "Real World Rules for Lead Scoring & Prioritization" The infinite to-do list: realize that sometimes procrastination is a lot better than prioritization MoSCoW: ProjMgmt Technique for Feature Prioritization: Must Have, Should Have, Could Have, Won't why does my manager insist on having weekly update meetings?? she wants to know every detail of everything no sense of prioritization aghgh To InterviewBest Good team leaders prioritize to keep team focused. Being hired as a team leader? Talk prioritization and give examples. Epiq Delivers "Prioritization" Technology For Document Review Prioritization of the to-do list. Gotta work on the things. And per Jim Collins, need to a STOP-doing list. - Thanks to - Infant feeding During Disasters Prioritization It has nothing to do with luck! Trying out a new prioritization method. Seems to work. :) Reading Made To Stick. "Simple is about elegance and prioritization, not dumbing it down." good point. i have noticed a shift in my prioritization of time. and yes, sometimes survival is my main goal for the day. Yes, def. value in early wins and low hanging fruit; we will have a prioritization & selection steps Terrific AtTask blogpost: Simplifying Risk Prioritization in project management Prioritization is development speak for we want to move dates out.... Magazine style prioritization of search results is interesting -- although not too useful when searching for... re: 2days Motto:Prioritization of Procrastination~I'll work on my todo list&not by simply removing the items either.Lol Morning Todays Motto: Prioritization of Procrastination. I will work on my to-do list and not by simply removing the items either. Lol Morning! New @ SF: Prioritization- Seven Prioritization Tips To Get Things Done In A More Meaningful Way | Utpal Writes Seth.Pellegrino: Quick look plugin prioritization difficulties Oh trust me, it's not just some bobo Atenistas. There are a lot of other people from other schools who have odd prioritization. uTorrent 2.0 Beta: A bittorrent download client that RSS auto-downloading, bandwidth prioritization, Mai.. UV.Blog: Seven Prioritization Tips To Get Things Done In More Meaningful Way Studying hard all night so I can maybe watch one NFL game tomorrow. Can you say "poor prioritization?" So predictable that the best ATT coverage in Boulder is at the top of Mt Sanitas. - Photo: LT: Recommendations for tools to managing project prioritization and tracking? I have SO much to say in the debate tomorrow, but so little time! Pray for clarity of thought & proper prioritization! In Anch Chamber board mtg. discussing SC energy. Muni will be pushing conservation. Need strategic energy plan, prioritization of projects. I have SOOO much I want to say in the debate tomorrow, but so little time! Pray for clarity of thought and proper prioritization! LOL! If that's how they reply to customer's mails, setting up a twitter account (@expekt) is probably a sign of wrong prioritization LOL! If that's how they reply to customer's mails, setting up a twitter account (@expekt) is probably a sign of wrong prioritization
More evidence of marginalizing the older demographic just interesting wevhave to place labels, that a person must fit in a or specific ideology...marginalizing open discourse Gospel Pope: Marginalizing Christianity from society is detrimental to ... Glory Be! It seems like marginalizing sex crimes has become of the liberal agenda. re: ....and because of that glen beck is marginalizing his ass into another in the wind... Racism is ultimately about power: the hegemony marginalizing & objectifying minority groups. Science: marginalizing responsibility for our actions is the true goal of knowledge. They are all stupid morons. For building nukes, for marginalizing their to build nukes, for accusing others of flawed ideology ... In the current economic situation, do you see yourself or others marginalizing your ethics in order to "survive.. In the current economic situation, do you see yourself or others marginalizing your ethics in order to "survive.. NEW POST On Education Seven: Slum Schools and Marginalizing the Marginalized: This mini-series "On.. & as points out, ACORN story of long history of marginalizing ppl of color. Is it "objective" to say so? they didn't want my friendship? I let byegones be byegones after they spent thousands marginalizing me while Union did ZIP. ...becks' marginalizing himself and anyone who doesn't recognize it.... Isreal needs to tread lightly and realize that they are a small country mostly they need to stop marginalizing christens and muslims there SNL marginalizing you, good sign. Bible thump all you want, but don't use the GOP to promote your religion. You're the / marginalizing us. Beck Faces Backlash -Frm the Right: It seems as if Beck may be marginalizing himself in a way. Alternet: Glenn Beck Faces Backlash -- From the Right : It seems as if Beck may be marginalizing himse.. That's a great piece. Seems ALL are marginalizing officiating. MLB and NHL are chief offenders. NBA now in the mix? Congressional Black Caucus has workshops on all aspects of black life, except for the LGBT Community Blacks marginalizing Blacks typical BO-bot marginalizing and demonizing, grow up!! I'm really trying to understand what the issue here is. Who are these Christians that are marginalizing? Wow, marginalizing romance isn't just for comics: What's wrong w/ us as a society that we're in marginalizing a disease to a group of ppl so we don't have to deal w/ it? Wow, marginalizing romance isn't just for comics: Cons think the way to peace is killing or capturing the bad guys. Libs think the way to peace is persuading or marginalizing the bad guys. that they r marginalizing my feelings/disingenuous- it's "me" who's slighted, therefore it's personal!Our culture lacks empathy Nobody is marginalizing your concern. Simply, such a large shift in American culture deserves a deeper discussion.
Ok sorry to say this: Roman Polanski is a He (age 44 at the time) drugged, raped, & sodomized a 13 yr old girl. no matter what when a grown ass man has sex with a child its rape... but he drugged, raped, and sodomized a kid. sicko Er rather, it's not the same because it's consensual. He, however, drugged and sodomized a underage girl. True story. You can read it online Roman Polanski sodomized 13-YEAR-OLD after plying her with alcohol and drugs AND while she continually protested and said "stop" statutory rape = unlawful sex with a minor.In this case he drugged and sodomized her, thus this = rape of a child. Roman Polanski drugged and sodomized a 13 year old girl jail the peado fuck He should be in jail, but we shouldn't be wishing for anyone to be "forcibly sodomized by a gang of well-hung inmates". Mr. Mun'im Idris said that Noordin M.Top was sodomized and have a disfungsinal sexual. *gile bener.. nyodomi kok nyodomi Noordin.. (dies) Polanski didn't just rape Samantha Geimer - he also sodomized her - what 13-year old girl would volunteer for that abomination? I wonder if someone slipped Whoopie a roofie and sodomized her a couple of times if she would say she wasn't... Not sure why some are so eager to forgive Brilliant film-maker aside, he drugged, raped, and sodomized a 13-yr-old. Not, NOT, ok! Noordin M Top Was Sodomized: Indonesian Forensic OMG.. Noordin M Top Was Sodomized: Indonesian Forensic all i know is that polanski drugged and sodomized a 13yo girl.... Considering Polanski raped & sodomized a 13 yr old girl? Yeah, he SHOULD have been nervous abt what judge might do via Group: Prominent Republican Roman Polanski Drugged, Raped And Sodomized A ... - A priest in LA has drugged, sodomized and raped a 13 year old. No, wait, that was Roman Polanski. Wendy says Roman Polanski sodomized the 13 year old as well. I mean really? Really, Mr. Polanski? Just die. and don't forget... he sodomized her too. Hollywood needs to get a grip on reality... So u r saying that if ur daughter was sodomized by a 40 yo man, it would be acceptable to you? It wasn't jst sex, he sodomized a 13yr old girl! I'm trying to understand why Hollywood is lining up to defend Roman Pol ... Rape and Sodomy are like trying to compare apples to oranges. Were you sodomized? What? Noordin M. Top (The Big Terrorist) was sodomized? OMG.... I can't believe it! Hahaha! =p He was 44, she was 13. He lured, drugged, raped and sodomized her. This is predatory. He pled guilty and fled. Polanski must face justice. The judge couldn't have lied to him b/c he fled before sentencing! He sodomized a 13 yr old girl...he's a Roman Polanski drugged, raped and sodomized a 13 yr old child. Those are the facts. Everyone who signs the petition to excuse for should be sodomized against their will by someone 3X their age I am so sick of hearing Polanski defenders.If what he did is ok, then his defenders should be raped&sodomized and see how ok it really is. Nordin Top was sodomized?! HAHAHAHAHAHAH Classic! Everyone who signs the petition to excuse for should be sodomized against their will by someone 3X their age. Gempa di padang, tembak2an di n Noordin sodomized. Semua kejadian tepat di hari G30S PKI 44th yg lalu.. ga ada hubungan nya dong.. He only drugged, raped & sodomized ONE kid. And that was the 70s - come on! He only drugged, raped & sodomized ONE kid. And that was the 70s - come on! Woman being sodomized in Lane Stadium bathroom during Va. Tech game Saturday in Blacksburg. // If your husband took your 13 yr old to a with other older men, drugs, alcohol & she got drugged and sodomized, would you him ? Biar Huahha Noordin M ToYPP CYIIN Noordin M Top Was Sodomized: Indonesian Forensic Exper ... I think of ALL the things I have been thru, getting sodomized has to TRUMPS any physical, mental, and emotional pain I cud ever experienced Id like to see what they would do if their daughters were drugged & sodomized @ 13, only to hear "But he's an amazing director!" it's really weird how dismissive people are being towards the fact he drugged raped and sodomized a 13/14 year old. :-| punya istri banyak tapi koq... Tadi gw dah baca juga Noordin M Top Was Sodomized: Indonesian ... OMG ...this Polanski SHIT ...wtf?? He sodomized a 13yr old that he drugged with a Qualude at Jack Nicolson's house...so WHAT it was yrs ago! Woman being sodomized at Lane Stadium - brpVirginia Tech police are investigating a Hahahaha Noordin M Top Was Sodomized: Indonesian Forensic 3/77: Polanski fed a 13-yr-old girl champagne & a sedative & then sodomized her. Hollywood says this isn't a rape because he is an If Michael Bay drugged and sodomized a 13 year old girl, would Whoopi Goldberg be defending him on TV? I don't know why this interest me Noordin M Top Was Sodomized: Indonesian Forensic Polanski is a child molester plain and simple, He even Sodomized her...he should be in prison play EJN & they changed of lyrics "like a dog that's been sodomized" didn't hear what it was changed to cuz I was singin Rili for real?? Noordin M Top Was Sodomized: Indonesian Forensic
"we're professionalizing the bad guys by cracking down on them...thinning out the weak" I think I'm done professionalizing myself for today. Should probably work on my Director's breakdown now... Is professionalizing my gentlemanism in leisure CFRE study group today - looking forward to joining fellow development folks professionalizing the field
OxiClean commercial showed a with a stain and then the without the stain. ACTUALLY the modeler's arm was just covering it. FAIL.
Cash crunch hits regularization: With development work completed in just 500... Celebrating Regularization @ Lexmark Regularization of Unauthorized under Akrama-Sakrama Scheme Regularization of Unauthorized under Akrama-Sakrama Scheme Just finished computing regularization points! gaaaahd, it was really hard! :)) it's so sad that i'm not in the mood... :( happy regularization anyway.
Homeopaths are making too much money - The Age News Homeopaths are making too much money - The Age News Homeopaths suck: I will blog this tomorrow (Steve) (via Homeopaths suck: I will blog this tomorrow (Steve) (via Homeopaths suck: Homeopaths suck: - WTF?? Homeopaths suck: I will blog this tomorrow (Steve) (via Homeopaths suck: I will blog this tomorrow (Steve) Homeopaths suck: I will blog this tomorrow (Steve) Homeopaths are making too much money - The Age News Homeopaths are making too much money - The Age News Musings, Silliness: Homeopaths Take Heed.: Even if it doesn't I hope that people who are in the "Compl.. A Blog: Musings, Silliness: Homeopaths Take Heed.: If the above is actually true it means that homeopath.. Is this true? Musings, Silliness: Homeopaths Take Heed.: If the above is actually true it means th.. MBF was the largest of homeopaths This is not a one-off story about 'alternative practitioners'. And homeopaths still maintain their integrity... just rec'd notification that I have been appointed to the transitional council for the college of homeopaths of ontario! :) just rec'd notification that I have been appointed to the transitional council for the college of homeopaths of ontario! :) Alliance of Homeopaths take a look at Swine Flu vaccine Piracy 2! Sponsored by the Association of Homeopaths Against Taps (Ass.HAT). Homeopathy is water. Water is from taps. Taps are piracy! first day of uni = homeopaths having their arguments pulled I love this course already. Homeopaths: know your limits. And don't spread fear of conventional medicine I would be pleased if homeopaths were held to the same standard as "allopaths" and made to prove that their sugary water works. homeopaths themselves are a different bunch. :) try getting homeopaths to admit that they're peddling placebos. congratulates her homeland on telling homeopaths where to get off: What Homeopaths Are - Homeopaths do not fiddle with your bum. (at least one of my homeopaths is on FB.) Water Woo: [BPSDB]We all know that homeopaths sell their marks patients sugar or water and claimm it contains t.. if homeopaths can sell us cheap 'effective' medicine through dilution - surely they can make a homeopathic petrol that works LG Grossman is now an instructor @ Homeopaths Without Borders,speaking at the Sophia Conference&developing a product line! homeopaths have been trained to think the remedy is where the action is, they're nuts. It's in the life force.... Homeopath site's immunisation claims criticised (source: topix.net): Vaccine ... make it medicine. HOMEOPATHS w.. never thought my functional distresses were just an on-going reflection of my poor inhabitation of mainframe. homeopaths think of hydrogen? Just joined Twitter in this forum:want 2 connect w/other naturopaths, homeopaths, herbalists, natural med. advocates,etc.2 share & exchange. Justed joined Twitter in this forum; want to connect w/other holistic, health, homeopaths, naturopaths, herbalists, natural med. advocates Latest press release from Alliance of Registered Homeopaths: haha the ARH are dumber than dumb Latest press release from Alliance of Registered Homeopaths: Latest press release from Alliance of Registered Homeopaths: Blog post: Homeopaths, Herbalists and Matthias Rath: There has been an exciting development in the wor.. Blog post: Homeopaths, Herbalists and Matthias Rath: There has been an exciting development in the wor.. Homeopaths, Herbalists and Matthias Rath: There has been an exciting development in the wor.. Blog post: Homeopaths, Herbalists and Matthias Rath: There has been an exciting development in the wor.. Homeopaths, Herbalists and Matthias Rath: There has been an exciting development in the world ... Homeopaths & herbalists in bed with Matthias Rath - not a good route to respectability
CNBC-TV18 Exclusive :: 3G Bid Amount To Be For Tax Purposes
Thomas Weisel Raises AAPL Price Target, Predicts $900 MacBook for Holidays - Remember when Euros were going to be called ECUs? After Ecu, the celebrated Italian novelist? Whatever happened to that? Those ghost hunter shows are so fixed. Night vision ECUs, green eyes, whispering, then "OMG!" followed by BEEP-BEEP-Holy-BEEP SuperBike Evolution replaces SuperBike Cup. Stock motors, control ECUs but full SuperBike chassis. Seems random to me but...
I didn't get a google wave invitation, preparing the ritualized suicide stage now the same Nicole Smith who was exploited, ritualized, drugged, raped, beaten and then murdered? Buddha's simple meditative technique got muddled in the transmission as the Dharma was ritualized and intellectualized rye Buddha's simple meditative technique got muddled in the transmission as the Dharma was ritualized and intellectualized ... Jehovah Witnesses accused of smuggling children to avoid transfusions || Ritualized murder? Ritualized bathing and preparing your body for a love connect, helps wash away the stresses of the day to make... hates the ritualized dance of theatre submissions My attempt: Theism is ritualized worry. Ritualized drug use for the long haul It's ritualized tribal warfare that excites the warrior/murderer sector of the male psyche. That help? Rye Buddha's simple meditative technique got muddled in the transmission as the Dharma was ritualized and intellectualized ... It's so ritualized though... I used to love ritual, but have learned to distrust it. Ppl hide behind it, think they're okay .. Understand that the position of an alpha male is purely symbolic and ritualized. Didn't you know? It's a show, aimed to Me. I feel that Dexter and I have a lot in common, except i don't feel the need for ritualized dismemberment.
Fenner: Agency will not force NPCUs that are not invested in corps to recapitalize. The FDIC may propose the banking industry prepay 3 years of assessments to recapitalize...and they'll do it without handguns. Send a pre-drafted email 2 ur elected officials asking them 2 consider a potential proposal to recapitalize MCACA World bank sanctions $2 bn to recapitalize India's public sector banks.Congress thinks it's time to disapprove the nationalization of '69 ??
I don't know how to find behaviors in Dreamweaver CS4 :( Thanks, I tried a solution like that, Attached Behaviors are bindable, Blend ones aren't :-(
Come see as he sodomizes himself with a cucumber and then eats it with his salad. Only on xtubedotcom/hungryhole I think on a much larger scale. Yes. Kells was fucked up. Kells is fucked up. Roman Polanski takes fucked up and sodomizes it. Polanski rapes, sodomizes and takes pics of 13 year old girl years ago...but it's not ok! There is no such thing as a consenting 13 yr old! Polanski rapes, sodomizes and takes pics of 13 year old girl years ago...but little girls are sluts and can overpower grown men so it's ok! Polanski rapes, sodomizes and takes pics of 13 year old girl years ago...but her mother took her there on purpose so it's ok! Polanski rapes, sodomizes and takes pics of 13 year old girl years ago...but he directed The Ninth Gate so it's ok! I don't get it. A 40 yr. old man drugs, rapes, sodomizes a 13 yr. old girl. He runs for 30 yrs & now caught. People now want to free him? if a 40-y/o plies a 13-y/o girl w/ 'ludes/booze, rapes sodomizes her..then runs to France, i don't care abt his movies. if a 40-yro plies a 13-yro girl w/ 'ludes/booze, rapes sodomizes her w/a wine bottle then runs to France, i don't care abt his movies. You silly goose... You need to wear a butt plug for a hour before your girl sodomizes you. This is what I do. "Now I'm reading as Mr Hyde brutally sodomizes the Invisible Man." "That's Moore! Well, more Ellis." "But it's not funny." "Ah, Moore then."
Costumier Answers a TON of YOUR questions! Costumier Answers a TON of questions! & & Costumier Answers a TON of YOUR questions! The Most Joyous Q&A EVER! Remember! Costumier Q&A Coming Soon! (Would've been sooner, only I got hospitalized earlier due to an EXTREME owie.) big don the costumier is the greatest place on forget disneyland. vintage costumes plskthnks.
Free Game post: "Collectivization" Free Game post: "Collectivization" Free Game Toyz has added an awesome new hand selected game: Collectivization: Click To Play, Rate, Review... Challenge yourself with brain power at New Game: Collectivization Free Game Collectivization: A fun strategy game, that is easy to learn yet a challenge to play.
GlaxoSmithKline is Hiring: Hematological Oncology Account Manage... (New Haven, CT) MethylGene on status & results from Trial 005, 008 & 010 of MGCD0103 for Please join me for our CME pgrogram on "UPCOMING TRENDS IN THE MANAGEMENT OF HEMATOLOGICAL MALIGNANCIES" Please join us for our CME program on "UPCOMING TRENDS IN THE MANAGEMENT OF HEMATOLOGICAL MALIGNANCIES"
People externalize their need for control rather than taking it inward where, with reflection, it could do some good.. Also Tom Grant on transition to "Agile Engagement,"--it nails the need to externalize principles. Let's go! Also Tom Grant on transition to "Agile Engagement,"--it nails the need to externalize principles. Let's go! Also Tom Grant on transition to "Agile Engagement,"--it nails the need to externalize principles. Let's go! Also Tom Grant on transition to "Agile Engagement,"--it nails the need to externalize principles. Let's go! I think I'd say: "ppl w/'internal insecurities' sometimes externalize them, attacking others" but that's very dift I have the internal biz plan now I will work to externalize it Oh by the way, if I follow or address you I expect neither in return. This twitter thing just helps me to externalize internal musings. similarly a person who gives you you might externalize as it's just them, or internalize & think its ur fault Ok Tim gotcha. But maybe, you should think to externalize this Vid system with a powerful Web Service like HeyWatch? Trying not to indulge myself too much in treating my novel as a means to externalize my philosophy. The more we externalize ourselves the better/worse off we are. Apple should use "With or Without You" in its iPhone ads. Make sure you externalize the emotional value of your customer service. Via Urs Brunner if you have to get the business rules out why recode in java? Why not externalize to a rule engine? if you have to get the business rules out why recode in java? Why not externalize to a rule engine? > Why indeed if you have to get the business rules out why recode in java? Why not externalize to a rule engine? DeepThought9/24: Boys like guns because guns increase ones sphere of power. They externalize that power and literalize the phallus. consuminderen meer geluk: MNCs externalize costs to produce cheap for planned obsolence and experienced obsolence. the more you externalize costs into society, the more profit you make...corporation is not concerned with consumers the more you can externalize those costs onto society, the more profit you make?
Citizen Kane was OK but they really need to colorize it. Hi Katie! Photoshop: bkgd=b/w; Colorize w/layers of color (lyr setting) Will B pink 4 Oct. I'm an orange gal; it will be back Colorize table rows with jQuery Screencast Competition Don't want to sleep at this point, I want to watch the sky colorize itself slowly from my window! ha- [new post]: Ray-ban colorize Color Quizzes to Define How to Colorize Your Interior -Home Improvement Silly me, thought there was some easy way to colorize, not sure which program? check out the ray ban ad. its called colorize never hide! Colorize! Ray ban shades .. dont know which to buy.. again wayfarers or clubmasters .... sorry, more precise: it shows the default colors (too bright & dark) over ssh, but local bash sessions custom colorize fine. Colorize ? or Colourise in British English ? don't know Wrote my first GIMP script-fu script to batch colorize images. Debugging one is awful... decide. that word was inexcusably omitted from last tweet. "...however, DECIDE to colorize..." doh! now i have decided to go to bed :0) I did; however, to colorize the profile pic...having too much fun with photogene for iphone ;) LOVE that app! Color Quizzes to Define How to Colorize Your Interior- More often than not you are pretty much sure which colors yo... Never Hide...COLORIZE!!! all rights reserved Is the Live Trace feature in CS3? I don't have CS2. I don't even use the colorize filter. I just select with the pen tool then choose a... itll give the same results (pretty much) BUT. i like colorized Live Traces so much more than the colorize filter. HELLO DEMETRIA colorize your hair .. because your natural hair is light brown .. no? or am I wrong? Hear colorize To colorize with adjustment layers in photoshop is way slow and hard... but it looks way better and its easier to fix any mistake even color water can't colorize up my life just like you colorize up my life.. I will to colorize my hair black!! <3 You need to colorize yourself now!
So I was drifting off while watching the news...ANYWHY IS THERE A PANTIE BANDIT ON THE LOOSE IN UTAH? 0_o Perv. word aren't those things annoying that's why I have more friends then followers..that spam I look like a perv cuz of the unbalance Gini you perv. LMFAO! at Vm, but i think he's kinda into you to be honest, now that he knows u're a perv, it seems he likes u more U a mess Kay (perv'n on my son) at last they show been waitin to perv him all nyt! Judge reams bar mitzvah perv & the community 4 'circling the wagons' mentality that protects such abusers. perv on hollyoaks. Yes I did. You're dying? Can't think why?! Or wait...perv :-p but yay she danced to JLS Only In NY Can A Perv Ask U Where 2 Buy A Hooker We know about 'Kitty Got Wet'..But the real question is, will Chloe get wet in 2? lol u perv that MEAD man is a straight perv! u ssaid heavens no i said hell yes... brb im takin a shower...perv Yes all of the above, pain in the ass, perv lookin at my ass, and a physician assistant...lmao He like's that shit , he's such a little perv . lol So now i,,a PERV??? is a old enough to do what she wants... LOL.... get it togther dude I don't know..that's f*cked up..shot in the ass by dr. perv the pa.. brightside..you feel better..right? lmao! & xoxo Needles......back alley? ------ LOL - So he was PA? You mean PAIN in the ASS. or "PERV looking at my ASS." Lol..Dr. Perv I think is more like it stop harrasing she's a little girl. PERV! some perv from idk where hollyoaks later? It was Sarah and Zoe kissing again! And Lydia was listening...perv LOL xxx am I such a perv? I wonder why...perv You're still a perv my friend. Ah. I can make you meow in more ways than that. hehe. yes, I'm a perv. What of it? He's such a perv LOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL you perv! Perv. Also, where do you go to post your questions? ew yeah Woody Allen is a perv too! 2 Funny! Jus had a nap but no weird sex dreams! Im gettin worried its been awhile i think im loosin my perv factor :( Jus had a nap but no weird sex dreams! Im gettin worried its been awhile i think im loosin my perv factor :( - just posted this all over google. that's right, aurelie, who's the perv now? Hollywood Backing Perv Polanski Shouldn't Surprise Anyone har hardy har har skit. that's what ya get for trying to perv. i just got rick rolled by im such a perv. woody allen was expected to the perv Polanski he did date a 17 year old once Hip hip hooray! Hip hip hooray for the death of a damn perv and predator John couey!!!! Can I see? I wanna C! I'm a perv-lol Hahaha! xD Filthy-mouthed perv. good guess, but it was another perv... speaking of perv show, i assume thats what you're talking about, have you talked to sara? i don't understand why girls don't like cricket. even if you don't appreciate the game, just perv on Broad, easy. someone i wont mention any names is a perv ... you just wanna see shake her hips! Perv!! =0P Jk! AHHHHH SOME PERV WANTS A VOICE CLIP ON MSN. PLEASE HELP ME! Now she's nasty-- lol I don't watch porn kima!! Sorry perv loll omg did u see pinky & lacey duvalle
Just made a steak so good there's no use for sauce. And caramelizing onions left me in tears but... so good. Currently in the midst of my first attempt at caramelizing onions. Seems a simple process, but it's very easy to screw it up! Caramelizing sugar, letting it set, and grinding it to be melted on top of creme brulee. What else can we use this caramel sugar for? Has opened a bottle of homemade and is a caramelizing onions. Goodness gracious! is caramelizing onions for dinner already. If you smell onion, I am caramelizing onion to make onion and pomegranate chili reduction sauce for new Fatayer, whish me luck. Reddish-brown color from caramelizing sugars is, to my eye, attractive. Seen pandan kaya as bright green as fresh chilies. Caramelizing one side in stainless pan for two to three minutes, turning over & putting in 190C oven for 10 mins - sound right ?? Cooking French Onion Soup by scratch. Caramelizing onions take a long time. Baseball game, hot as hades, I'm sugar so I'm caramelizing! in Houston, TX The smell of caramelizing onions and plum crumble are currently competing in my and I couldn't be happier about it! Happy Sunday! Onions are finally caramelizing, potatoes nearly roasted. Should be a hefty, flavourful frittata in the morning. With pomegranate mimosas. Guess who's caramelizing onions and roasting potatoes for a frittata as she types? Caramelizing onions and baking garlic for my spaghetti sauce tonight! Smells awesome in here! i heard it's hard but yes gimme your recipe maybe i'll make some tonight!!! but i hear caramelizing the sugar is hard the smell of caramelizing onions is in the air....yummm! Who knew caramelizing onions can be so relaxing? It smells heavenly too! While caramelizing onions tonight, a wad of grease splatter hit me in the boob. It still There's not much better than cooking while drunk. Caramelizing your onions taking too long? Get drunk, it makes it fun! Caramelizing onions and sipping the wine forced into my hand (it's in a glass). May have to read some work papers whilst I'm cooking. Busy. What smells better than beef searing or shallots caramelizing? What's your favorite food aroma? the xx and caramelizing onions.
As sable rattling and threats to Israel destabilized oil prices, global recession went deeper affecting poor nations the most. Another amazing episode of Criminal Minds. How can a mind be so destabilized? Season 01 Episode 07 GWB had *YEARS* to get the job done in Afghanistan; we got destabilized Pakistan as a result of dithering incompetence. so the rebel alliance may be terrorists for killing civilians on the death star but the empire effectively destabilized whole solar systems. in Nature: near total environmental instability; biogeochem, climate destabilized: (PDF) He looks pretty nervous & destabilized, doesn't it? Ahmadinejad video: (via @ ... He looks pretty nervous & destabilized, doesn't it? Ahmadinejad video: in Nature: near total environmental instability; biogeochemistry, climate destabilized: (PDF) Destabilized Pak is not in the interest of India.Moreover India cant do anything thats not by public opinion. Democracy!
Criminalizing sex work does not help sex workers! Jesus! (via Criminalizing sex work does not help sex workers! Jesus! I cannot believe we have to defend the "criminalizing" of raping a 13-year old against the Hollywood elite. rape is rape! Supreme to Consider Law Criminalizing Animal Cruelty Videos Supreme to Consider Law Criminalizing Animal Cruelty Videos Criminalizing homelessness -the need to address its roots Criminalizing homelessness -the need to address its roots Cleanse Colon: Codex-criminalizing Natural Health, Vitamins & Herbs 1 Students accuse the government of criminalizing protests. The government says it is not to be political prisoners & prosecute lawbreakers. E.g. I think it has to do w/ criminalizing blacks. If B-O-B is an epidemic then it's I think it has something to do w/ criminalizing blacks. If B-O-B is an epidemic then it's Murphy on Criminalizing Humanitarian Intervention Always enjoy TED talks. Here's a good one from Larry Lessig about copyright law and how it's criminalizing kids: The Lorax by Dr. Suess was challenged for "criminalizing the forestry industry." Celebrate Banned Books Week '09: read. Barney Frank fast tracking Anti Faith Bill~ Criminalizing Christianity has begun. Please yor frnds! (Petition) Canadians, please write your MP about this: Bill C-6 must not pass, forcing flu shots? Criminalizing refusal? CRIMINALIZING PUBLIC PRAYER: JONATHAN FALWELL Nutricide - Criminalizing Natural Health, Vitamins, and Herbs Criminalizing Teens For Being Teens Just got notice that UN Assembly new President Ali Abdussalam Treki is for *criminalizing* lgbtq's. The UN is supposed to champion human... Actor txt/video news Criminalizing Mike Ross - Arkansas News: Criminalizing Mike RossArkans.. Criminalizing Public Prayer ~ Bible Prophecy Today Criminalizing Public Prayer - Jonathan Falwell // Criminalizing Public Prayer ~ Bible Prophecy Today Criminalizing Public Prayer - Jonathan Criminalizing Public Prayer - Jonathan Politicians eliminate drug abuse by making it illegal; perhaps they can eliminate by criminalizing it, too. You really made a mess with the C&D on Cyanogen, criminalizing your biggest proponents and killing your word of mouth ad community! Falwell's email was titled "Criminalizing Public Prayer" and misrepresented the issues and the facts, just like Fox News Falwell's email was titled "Criminalizing Public Prayer" and misrepresented the issues and the facts, just like Fox News Criminalizing smoking, will not stop people from smoking. Leave the smokers alone! Maybe it's Darwin's theory of survival of the fittest. Did u hear that Vancouver considering sending homeless to Prince George during Olympics? Is this 4 real? Criminalizing homelessness Criminalizing Smoking Is Not the Answer: Bans on Cloves and ... Criminalizing Smoking Is Not the Answer: Bans on Cloves and ...: The war on cigarettes is heating up. This week.. Criminalizing Smoking Is Not the Answer: Bans on Cloves and ... Criminalizing Smoking Is Not the Answer: Bans on Cloves and ... I'm getting onboard with criminalizing stupidty, and looking to Sen. Kent Conrad as a test case - I'm getting onboard with criminalizing stupidty, and looking to Sen. Kent Conrad as a test case - Criminalizing Smoking Is Not the Answer: Bans on Cloves and ... NEW: Tony Newman: Criminalizing Smoking Is Not the Answer: Bans on Cloves and Outdoor Smoking Will Backfire!
Searing is said to "lock in the juices", that is false. Searing caramelizes food, even meat - giving food richer flavor. an Iraqi sweet: fry bread both sides & while still in pan cover w date syrup; caramelizes deliciously. Nice w thick forget calors. Pancakes made with RealFruit Blackberry. The extra sugar caramelizes the outside, use extra butter! - Pancaketweetup Pancakes made with RealFruit Blackberry. The extra sugar caramelizes the outside, use extra bu ... sprinkle salt & pepper on tomato halves,bake em til the top caramelizes! goes well with your breakfast, at whatever time. Man! Sugar melts in water and caramelizes in heat! I'm dying ova here
Great day at Interactive. Some "aha moments" about mobile engagement and the professionalization of the non-profit sector.
The house is filled with the smell of carbonized Eggos. Time to buy a new toaster. I looked into getting carbonized bamboo a while back but found they are prone to scratches and dents. Check it out carefully. Anyone have carbonized Bamboo floors? Puppy proof? Pergo? Puppy proof? Urgh. What is the best way to get carbonized pie juice off the bottom of my oven? My drip-catcher failed... I want to a group called Carbonized Steak...or that will be the title of my first album. Fact # 1 - Thomas Edison's first successful incandescent lamp (light bulb) used a filament made of carbonized bamboo. NOW PLAYING: Carcass - Carbonized Eyesockets - rated 0 out of 5 stars Heard by 3 listeners at Going green in high style: Today Gettinger's home includes carbonized bamboo flooring, low-flush toilets, p.. An audio introduction to Carbonized Limestone by Jon Frank was added to our site for those interested in knowing more. An audio introduction to Carbonized Limestone by Jon Frank was added to for those interested in knowing more. I still want to see a mold for little chocolate carbonized Han's (w/ room for fondant juicy centers) Ha ha carbonized dog bone ..witchy is the best :D *bow* *bow*
Just saw a flashy Dog the Bounty Hunter photo shoot in downtown LA, 2 blocks from the poorest ghettoized area I've seen in a long time. Nice walk with to our newly-ghettoized CVS pharmacy (no joy) but yum popsicle from Whole Paycheck made up for it
great staging tips I think that cleaning &removing odour come even before decluttering and depersonalizing.
A14. And changes in transactions and customer behaviors can also be pretty accurately measured. That's step 2. Look at the effect that these changes in customer behaviors have on actual transactions. (@thebrandbuilder six of one, half dozen of the other? I don't think there's sufficient differentiation anymore between the actual work behaviors. A13 Step 2) I look at the effect that these changes in cust. behaviors have on actual transactions. ComponentOne's Web Configure Right Out-of-the-Box and Now Have Custom Behaviors 2009 v2 just released! Tesh tonight after 7...The Psychology of Behind the wheel behaviors..why do get road rage and more...What is... A12. The purpose of all of this is to try and change customer behaviors. So looking at LCV isn't something I spend time on. Yes, "making a decision" is a behavior. But how to parse this from other behaviors. Is it simply observability? Learning a ton about visitor behaviors with Google Analytic's site overlay feature; making slight changes as a result... Now using sitetweet - ! My users' behaviors on my site will now be shown on my twitter account. It's conceivable that some aspects of my life and behaviors will never mature beyond that of what they were in junior high. I think our politicians have all taken drugs, they act without thinking and there is nothing wrong with their behaviors. typical drug addict We're in a standards-based model, so we take the "work is work" approach b/c grades should reflect competence, not behaviors. 4 behaviors that build trust The way middle schoolers' behaviors line up with their socioeconomic levels is truly shocking. They never recognize the rights of others and see their self-serving behaviors as permissible. They appear to be charming 3:30-4:45 PM, RM S102bc: Rewarding Healthy Behaviors Promotes a Healthy Bottom Line: Case Study w/the Kellogg Company You should be fine now. Please refrain from aggressive following behaviors in the future. When Capacitive Screens Go Bad and Pandas Develop Obsessive Compulsive Tapping Behaviors: the story Well schools shouldn't be promoting junk foods and unhealthy behaviors. great way to educate others on behaviors The downturn's impact on tourist behaviors include destinations and all-inclusive options: The downturn's impact on tourist behaviors include destinations and all-inclusive options: My thinking is always squishy...present @ -death of blogs / info overload / info seeking, receiving, and sharing behaviors? teach kids emotion language The more emotion language they hv the less they tantrum Words replace behaviors When Capacitive Screens Go Bad and Pandas Develop Obsessive Compulsive Tapping Behaviors: the story 2 lessen teach kids emotion language The more emotion language they have the less they tantrum Words replace behaviors Later indeed. But it's tantalizing. All the behaviors we now us JS libraries for are built-in. Another 3 essential leader behaviors for competent "People Oriented Management" Statistics about Twitter and their online behaviors. More brand engagement and more sensitive for ads. ; her voice, the way she talks, behaviors, how she cares for those kids. She is so annoying to me I did catch it and I also caught the joy in your voice when you got to mention behaviors. :) Don't Take The Twitter Ad Phenomenon To The Bank...not just yet: Recent research into the online behaviors of T.. Learn how to "get" your target audience profile(behaviors, attitudes, etc.) and create a web experience they value. Mind-body medicine & intuition can help you learn to relax and relieve compulsive behaviors. Mona Lisa Schulz How to "get" your target audience profile(behaviors, attitudes, etc.) and create a web experience they see as valuable. Another 3 essential leader behaviors for competent "People Oriented Management" Also suggest talk w/ teacher so every adult on same page re: her new unacceptable behaviors. Stay calm tho-no outbursts autismthoughts : Autism/Autistic/Asperger's-behaviors and what we think is going on with them, the more they ca.. Agree, a main defining difference is doing all work nec. for effective, long-term SM results & changing old behaviors Autism/Autistic/Asperger's-behaviors and what we think is going on with them, the more they can grow beyond our wildest dreams. a SME Social Worker- Health Behaviors in Silver Spring, MD - wpost I with leaders who want to become more stratgic in their behaviors and relationships. I with leaders who want to become more stratgic in their behaviors and relationships. If the FED keeps protecting Investment firms deemed "too large to fail" whats to keep people from repeating earlier behaviors? or we can do like B.F. Skinner and let our behaviors do the talking, i can classically condition your body to experience pleasure You don't believe marketing and of products influences people's behaviors?
CNBC-TV18 Exclusive :: 3G Bid Amount To Be For Tax Purposes
Aggregate, Contextualize, Edit: Bad job of Context and Editing here: The American pastor is right to seek to contextualize the gospel, but he must repent of the idolization of innovation and technology. W regard 2 the issue of content, the sublime beauty of the sexual signifier contextualize the inherent overspecificity. Phil Marks: Value stream analysis applies across broad range of process - need to adapt and contextualize concepts such as "waste" "When we contextualize the Bible to culture without wisdom handed down through the ages, we too easily allow culture to shape our theology." They can watch either. You just have to contextualize the shows for them. I'm trying to contextualize myself to "steampunk" and I can't say no and I can not say yes. Reality is defined by consensual rules.if u don't follow some of them,or if you contextualize them diferently,u have ur own reality pastel polo and khakis to contextualize for the southern male. can some1, ideally verify & contextualize this: cornelwest would rather can you contextualize that for us? They watch The Simpsons in Die Hard 2, to contextualize how long it's been on. Too long. Puzzles Contexture 22: Puzzles Contexture 22 Do you have the adeptness to contextualize? Expectedly, this game .. Yes. And be sure to wear your pastel polo and khakis to contextualize for the Southern Male. Can some1, ideally verify & contextualize this: CornelWest Would Rather B In Crack House Than White House : Most valuable future journalist *contextualize*, add meaning to basic facts, Most valuable future journalist *contextualize*, add meaning to basic facts, tells students It's difficult to enter into this posting because of how the iconoicity of the facts contextualize the exploration of its montage elements. Contextualize "the same"? :)) Stalker pa rin? ;P Is it possible to contextualize the live tweeting of events for outsiders?Or is live tweeting just bound to be annoying? We got to contextualize more often. What...you used the wrong verb or something? Eh, you were good the first time. Let's contextualize the lateness tho. Lord I pray that you teach me to contextualize the Gospel without compromising the content. Help me bring Your message to a dying world.
Navigation Capital Recapitalizes Five Star Food Service Navigation Capital Recapitalizes Five Star Food Service KPS recapitalizes American Breweries
Hayden Panettiere Says She's Not Dating Kevin Connolly: Sorry, celebrity-relationship rumormongers Hayden Panettiere Says She's Not Dating Kevin Connolly: Sorry, celebrity-relationship rumormongers; despite wha.. Hayden Panettiere Says She's Not Dating Kevin Connolly: Sorry, celebrity-relationship rumormongers; despite wha.. You gotta love Pinoys. In times of calamity, we can be heroes and villains, rumormongers and straight talkers, rational and emotional.
Come see as he sodomizes himself with a cucumber and then eats it with his salad. Only on xtubedotcom/hungryhole I think on a much larger scale. Yes. Kells was fucked up. Kells is fucked up. Roman Polanski takes fucked up and sodomizes it. Polanski rapes, sodomizes and takes pics of 13 year old girl years ago...but it's not ok! There is no such thing as a consenting 13 yr old! Polanski rapes, sodomizes and takes pics of 13 year old girl years ago...but little girls are sluts and can overpower grown men so it's ok! Polanski rapes, sodomizes and takes pics of 13 year old girl years ago...but her mother took her there on purpose so it's ok! Polanski rapes, sodomizes and takes pics of 13 year old girl years ago...but he directed The Ninth Gate so it's ok! I don't get it. A 40 yr. old man drugs, rapes, sodomizes a 13 yr. old girl. He runs for 30 yrs & now caught. People now want to free him? if a 40-y/o plies a 13-y/o girl w/ 'ludes/booze, rapes sodomizes her..then runs to France, i don't care abt his movies. if a 40-yro plies a 13-yro girl w/ 'ludes/booze, rapes sodomizes her w/a wine bottle then runs to France, i don't care abt his movies. You silly goose... You need to wear a butt plug for a hour before your girl sodomizes you. This is what I do. "Now I'm reading as Mr Hyde brutally sodomizes the Invisible Man." "That's Moore! Well, more Ellis." "But it's not funny." "Ah, Moore then."
I met Lil Wane's metaled out twin a few weeks ago at a bar. He'll be making his GrimyGoods appearance very Canibal Corpse Bro-bra!
I just hope Ketsana brought us not just a disaster but a whole lot of realizations as well. I just hope Ketsana brought not just a disaster but a whole lot of realizations to us as well. My empty dreams never realizations!!!cause i`m very naive and soooo dude!!!:( In more oddball realizations - I just made the connection that the Scott Anderson I went to HS with is the lead singer of Finger Eleven. is it really Wednesday? I totally thought it was Tuesday despite having gone to Wednesday classes. Implication of organization with clear communication is key for realizations. XOXOX It takes being open to some of the "craziest" things to uncover some of my most treasured realizations. thanks girl! you will not believe what happened to me today. i have new realizations. :)) but its better to hear it live! :) i will never be talented enough, have enough money for training, or have enough motivation to become one of the opera greats. My 2 realizations of the day... 1. most visited website is Google Translator 2. There is SNOW in the forecast thanks Leah. It's odd how and when realizations hit. She's going to a very good place, but she's had same phone # all my life One of the scariest realizations you can ever make, is that you have the ability to produce original ideas. I have come to the following realizations: I am TOTALLY out of sync with the sleep cycle I need, my hungry cycle is totally screwed up. Last Day of Q3! Assign your realizations! Midnight realizations: Piss tired of the triviality and mediocrity that is my everyday life. I want to value and I want to be valued. Why do the realizations that I have too much to do always come at 3 in the morning on 4 hours of sleep? Screw it. I'm sleeping. Are realizations supposed to make you feel better?..... with the realizations of the mistakes and mishaps of the past comes happiness now in the present and future I had a great nap and a bunch of random realizations which I'll share now. First of all, I forgot how much I dig fall weather and scarves you loved me and left me..bruised broken and battered..my becoming the golf ball, hockey puck...debating whether my realizations were Did you know that Resource Realizations has one of the few NLP Trainings that is ICF accredited? I am just a twitter about Being with the new Coaches from Resource Realizations training! They are awesome: Do you ever wake up with new realizations and by the end of the day you know more people who see that too? Having realizations.. i hate when i wake up from naps and realizations flood my brain. today's reality check: busy. caught up. time. I keep having these realizations that I'm in new york. And keeps scaring the hell out of me. Through our realizations of our powers in this Life, We will realize ourselves as that endless living Creator. The first stage in Sri Aurobindo's yoga, and the major task that opens the door to many realizations, is mental silence. *looks at him* What realizations my love? my brain is exploding with realizations today!! i wish i could take my inspiration and file it for later use damnit. 10 Realizations For Productivity & Making Ideas Happen oops that was "signing" anything, not singing...and yeah, time to also take action for all those realizations you had during the retrograde! had so many realizations this past few days late night realizations: i don't hate biology and my molecular bio textbook is actually a good read. so many realizations that this great calamity had brought.. Harsh realizations. I'm taking a trip down memory lane and coming to some realizations. In time, I'll make this work, I swear it...I think you know who you are. all this wind, all this stress, & all the realizations of how I was messed around with, are making me grumpy. Glad my uke's not packed up. your realizations are false. i was pretty impressed. spiritual realizations, insight - Realizations: Pioneer Sq. smells wonderful this time of year. Parking garage before Pioneer Sq. smells like pee. It's a nose adventure! My nigga...we all come to new realizations everyday. Ya freestylin has escalated to new heights since middle school Eating lunch @ school can bring great realizations. For example: underclassmen are IDIOTS. Had a good day yesterday, and I had a sudden realization that made me feel better about some things! Hooray for sudden realizations! Simultaneous Realizations: I can't read cursive for crap, and I've never been trained in accounting. my life is a series of awkward moments, bizarre encounters, and stunning realizations...yes why is it Monday's are always the days you have sudden realizations that always cause you problems in the long run no cause the thoughts that come to mind aren't happy... there more like realizations.... :[
Mmm, that turkey burger was good. the energy expended broiling it. Broiling New York Strips, searing Scallops in bacon grease, drinking a great Shiraz - There it is! The new...non-operational...grill! Back to broiling I guess. broiling some steak for dinner. got back to school night for my oldest son. trying to make beat & do a flyer while listening to an audiobook Can't grill thinking about broiling steak for dinner, 1st time, Any suggestions? I like hamburgers but I don't like the smell of burning grease... Maybe I should give up flame broiling them... broiling it, cleaning all the feathers, cleaning it inside, cutting in pieces, the legs cook in charcoal, the rest is for a soup.can't sleep broiling mine... Broiling some chicken thighs in the oven humm! Smells good! That's lunch for work. Now for some veggies! Mixed in wit some soy sauce! Yep! maybe we should have an excuse to gather in Vegas? I mean, other than in the broiling heat of JULY!! WTF? Workout complete at Anytime Fitness... Broiling Chicken & Steaming Brussel Sprouts to eat while watching Biggest Lo ... Baking then broiling some salmon. :D Why is the climate in my office trying to kill me? cold and damp yesterday, broiling today... Yall need to bring back trend, I got some nice ones broiling in my brain It's too doggoned hot. Hot hot hot. Steaming, sizzling, baking, roasting, broiling, skin-tickling hot. Hot. Hot. I want fall!!!!!!!!!!! I stick to grilling or broiling. Broiling enjoyable crackling rumbling thunder everywhere, a steady rain: metservice = "Rain, with thunder and hail likely. yeah! Especially when the water just hot enough i dont like broiling water i mean i have a pair of those hanging things.. Yeah!! broiling some lamb shoulder chops for dinner with baby potatoes and asparagus... YUM Open Question: Why do ovens have a "Sabbath Mode" that allows baking, but not broiling ? I use a broiling pan. In this country crab legs r precooked & then frozen. If no steamer, best prep methods r baking, broiling or even microwaving Broiling a piece of chicken and getting ready for the meeting at Union Baptist Church tonight. looks like rain, Broiling a bone-in Ribeye, yukon spuds in a pan beneath it to catch the drippings, vidalias and jalapenos at the end. yes mi luv.. Mi pass dem nice and early 7am this morning too stand up inna di broiling sun! A weh merica have so! We can't handle stirrup pants in the broiling political climate of our times! They'll bring society to its knees! Cooking Tips for Broiling a Chicken | How to Cook: It just takes a little 'knowledge on .. Hahahahha. Sweet soundtrack. One suggestion: try toasting or even broiling instead to better simulate the heat of a campfire. Broiling steaks for my housemates, with mashed potatoes. These arent 4 the weak of U'll going into cardiac arrest before u finish Broiling steak, boiling corn. mixing drinks! Steaming broccoli and broiling asparagus Trying my hand at broiling chicken pieces for supper. Mmm.... bbq. Oh, and my brakes work again, did I mention that? Broiling the P.Loin 4 tacos! We are w/in walking distance but it's broiling outside. just left there. It was HOT. Broiling. Try the beef dish in Africa! Word to the wise: When broiling something with brown sugar on top of it, don't check its done-ness by sticking your finger in it. (Ouch). i have so much hw.grr.my right hand is rapped up from my burn!i grabbed a pan broiling for ten sec.i was in shock!and not myself:P I dont think the electric bbq's get got enough. You end up broiling the meat instead me grilling. what's the word on u2 and Megan fox on SNL? Did I miss anything by broiling salmon & watching dick van dyke show instead? Trying a recipe (my In-Laws make fantastic)... A grumpy husband and a broiling hot We'll see how it tastes. hard to top, that is, unless you are broiling a perfect medium-rare top round bison steak. I'm broiling hamburgers, but idk how to broil I made a killer rub for some steaks that I'll be broiling to perfection tonight. Still debating what to make with it if anything.It's steak! Okay, it's broiling hot. IPA down 4 5 in the 2nd set. Reading tweets from parents broiling in the heat at kids' team and getting down on my knees to thank THE LORD that it's not me. It does a nice job toasting. For broiling, I find it takes longer than my old toaster oven, esp. when using frozen food New Blog post c ... Hola to YOU, mi friend! What's new! I'm broiling in this heat, no a.c. but trying to stay in good spirits. Mounted the waterlogged IPhone on the SW exterior of house in the blazing sun. After broiling for 2 hours phone works good as new. Totally forgot I was broiling salmon... ugh...stinky.
ROOSTER BED TRAY Bright-eyed rooster bids a goodmorning to one and all, welcoming the dawn with a flurry of feathers.. Right then, I better get to bed. Want to be bright eyed and bushy tailed for FOWA in the morning. Looking forward to catching up with you. I was looking so forward to taking a nap, but that venti black tea has me bright eyed. So I'll read. ..i'm a sick little girl, but still bright eyed enough to keep up. bright eyed and bushy tailed still on 4am! :) Just eatin' some grapes & staring at the wall. Nursin' a U2 & Muse hangover. Tryin' to look bright-eyed. lmao I am an adult not the lil bright eyed girl from nsu anymore lol is bright eyed and bushy tailed - with actions! I'm bright eyed and bushy tailed and ready for a nap.... bright eyed and bushy tailed this beautiful day ... Been eyed since...6am Tuesday? No rest for the weary no salvation for the damned. Hence, they're damned. Slowly getting back to my bright-eyed and bushy-tailed self today morning miss bright eyed and bushy tailed...... Gooooood Morning Fam!!! Little Miss Bright-Eyed&Bushy Tailed is in the building!!!! (((huugggggssss))) Why does nighttime cold medicine have to wear off by waking you up bright-eyed and bushy-tailed and hour before the alarm goes off? Bright eyed and bushy tailed this morning...got an early Let's see what I can do with it. Someone sounds bright-eyed and bushy-tailed this morning... Is bright eyed and bushy tailed this morning...and apparently completely delirious too!...lol ;o) Morning tweeps, neither bright eyed nor bushy tailed today; but rumor has it that two of our roads are back open Woo Hoo No, not bright eyed, nor bushy tailed am I, nay, nay, Shanaynay! I will b with u in spirit, tho! Got catz?? I am not bright-eyed nor am I bushy-tailed. Mr Squirell has just come in. He isn't as bright eyed and bush tailed - he's got toothache Having visited our beautiful CCI office this morning and found my people all bright-eyed and bushy-tailed! :-) G'Morning y'all. Hope you are doing great and looking forward to a fabu Wednesday. We're here...bright eyed and bushy is spending the day with a student group - bright eyed, bushy tailed young-uns! Will get up soon and utter my piece... Bright eyed & Bushy tailed!!! aw, youngsters bright eyed about wanting to rent a warehouse.. Another morning running late & bleary eyed. Dont think I ever woken up on a work day bright eyed & happy to be leaving the house. I feel you. I'm bright eyed and bushy tailed right now! we totally met at the during msap weekend! we were so bright-eyed.. and innocent... loves it. haha, i'm busy, but also bright-eyed I am: bored, but bright-eyed. UK here, trying to be bright eyed and bushy tailed but am stilll sooooooo tired! How's you? GOOOOOD MOOORNING MILTOOON KEEEEYNES. - This is me getting a whole 9hrs sleep. I am bright eyed and bushy tailed. Additionally. I'd like to say, YouIntern should have some lovely for bright-eyed interns. well I thought it was bedtime but nope hungry anniston needs to eat and she woke addi up who is bright eyed..... oh i am so tired...Blake??? te ganaste la estrella! I'll be there bright -eyed and bushy tailed..... Awake, bright eyed, and bushy tailed! - OH JOE!!!! You are looking so well! Cant wait for bright eyed bushy tailed vid and pics! Much L ... Sensing an LBC trap for bright eyed and bushtailed marxists, respectfully declined Nick Ferraris invitation to a 'Labour stoning' grumble grumble... bright eyed and bushy-tailed I am not... There would need to be photos... Here's at hour 1, bright-eyed and eager for more, however is to doze off... Amazing how bright eyed & energetic ur kids can be at 6am when they find out school is cancelled. LOL! Been there! Amazing how bright eyed and energetic your kids can be at 6am when they find out school is cancelled. This isn't the weekday norm. When I go Wholesale shopping at Sams.. I get bright eyed and bushy tailed. I love how big everything is. ahhhh new blood at work, so naive, bright eyed and full of life. all bright eyed! nice pic! all the bright eyed, non hung over people are getting on my nerves. Great going away last night! but no more tequila for Benjamin. feeling bright eyed & optimistic! bring it on! Good Morning everyone. I hope all are bright eyed this morning.
'fiona!y u gta b so hoT? Runnin in ur blu bra?'- weird 1st sng i heard 2day.makes u go 'WHHOT?!' & mika covrd 'poker face'-i shall nt b mean we shall soon see! ah well you shall have lots of "innocent" smut *giggles* Want a sneak peak at it!? ;) I will be off this halloween...what shall I be? what shall i do now? Just got booked on a job in Columbia SC. What shall I do while I'm there? i shall be with youi if you would like I'm hungry! What shall I eat? No problem. It shall arrive... Alright. So in mid-October I shall send you an email. It's on! Shall I even grace that with a response? I'll just hint that when it comes to sabers I have endowments he shall never possess. "...Rejoice, victory shall come. This increased the Muslims faith and submission."--Tabari VIII:12, Ishaq:451 So many chicks to choose from who shall I pick ? All of them lol ... Winter is near and so is our fate..[Cold& not all the time enjoyable].Wonder what's in store for us!?! Have no fear for some shall prevail! Shall i dye my hair today, yes yes i shall. An epic story of a toaster with an owner who is too lazy to use him!! But how shall it end?!?! Oh lunker wednesday. What shall I sing tonight? :3 im actually bringing my thermos full of homemade coffee tomorrow if i see you early enough I shall give you some :3 Never fear dear friends...I shall live on to see another day...probably...maybe...Really can any of us my that promise? I could die in sleep Well is my musical compadre. I'm the one in San Diego, So shall i drop you a line when i return? o ___o;; I've been having random urges to draw...I think it's to avoid homework....I shall not procrastinate! D< D< Alas,even the porn bots don't love me.I shall add the gang;it will be a happy day when my followers reach 2 digits.ORGY ORGY ORGY I shall take cookie crisp. :Y How can I get lots of website traffic cheap!? | Creating Website ...: ExternalAdID=13. I shall be glad to be of.. going to see They Might Be Giants tomorrow that shall be fuuunenosity Managed to read your DM's but couldn't reply that way :S Stupid phone! Shall reply proper when I'm on a laptop :) NOOOO i love Paradise Sweets and it shall be mine. Managed to read your DM's but could'nt reply that way :S Stupid phone! Shall reply proper when I'm on a laptop :) Thanks for the invite! What a great site. I shall make my guest application when I've through my haiku. for halloween i shall be a harajuko barbie, and i want to go to a someone needs to host one. okay i shall listen! (takes deep breath in) and yesss shall i begin with my rape session??? >=) Tomorow we shall play..EXTREME football as a result of losing my taste buds due to catching the cold, dinner shall be Korean ramen instead of salad Glee is on tonight :D but i will be at hotham so shall have to record it. oh and its Halloween soon :) You, my dear, are welcome anytime! We shall make it a mix of ghost investigation/sushi. Perhaps I shall, perhaps I shall. Details? Btw...The Farm Trip tmrw shall be SICK. I'll be fine yo..anyone who seen the girls at our school know im used to dealing with smelly cows... Doing a Streamer Bendy vid & Vron vid. Shall I do Chaingang fan vid? Who wants to be in it? Give me a song! Hope is just one prayer away! The Lord is our Shepherd , I shall not be in want! AND I WILL FEAR NO EVIL, FOR YOU ARE WITH ME! PRAISE JESUS! John 5:43-44, "I am come in my Father's name, & ye receive me not: if another shall come in his own name, him ye will receive. i shall get another copy tho haha I shall watch now. I hope she keeps her signature dance move. Im glad we're able to talk about her without saying "gah 18 " let's talk about hotness, shall we? Happy to me. What shall I give myself for a present? :] I shall be posting pics that night... I guarantee it shall be a hit. Why can't you!? I thought it was on a weekend... Catching up on DVR with the wife and dog. Soon we shall go to bed. Hooray for sleep!!! When I m burdened w wealth I shall tellmyself that this 2shall pass.When I am strangled n I shall tell myself that this 2shall pass "I heard the Messenger of Allah say: 'Lands shall be thrown open to you and Allah will suffice you against your enemies... "And I will love thee, still my dear, While the sands of life shall run." Such grace w/ language R.Burns.
"As thresholds, the orifices of the body are Janus-like structures: they are bivalent and face two directions." Modulation of multidrug resistance protein 1 (MRP1/ABCC1)-mediated multidrug resistance by bivalent apigenin... -
Putting Baby Girl to bed. To the of my strong-willed child book where I'm learning what to do. Hallelujah! like PAC said, "keep ya head up"! U seem like a strong willed woman so I kno ull find 1 eventually! u scare me! no, I think I intimidate the girl.Too bad too I think shes a great person, were both very strong willed. - The progressives will cave, they are not as strong willed as the right. lol ye me too nut I'm too strong willed No one seen you coming, motivated strong willed..its your turn to be at the top Lois is a strong willed woman who just happens to like dressing like a hooker. I am in no way a machine. Just strong willed :) Strong Willed Children make the best leaders: How to get them to that point (Sarah Chana Radcliffe; 5 min) No one seen you coming, motivated strong willed..its your turn to be at the top Don't get me wrong...I am strong willed. But, I think we want an even stronger man, even if that doesn't always show. KWIM? be strong-willed and determined to have the courage to conquer fear and move confidently into the destiny He has in store for you! No one seen you coming, motivated strong willed..its your turn to be at the top My tin of soup looks unappetising. And everyone's off out for burgers. Hmmm. But I'm strong. I am a STRONG WILLED PERSON. Soup soup soup... Anyone with strong-willed daughtrs out there? Any wise words? You know how when a person on tv is dying, but at the last minute they 'pulled through' cause they were strong-willed? Yeah... Fuck it. These streets aren't for the weak. Its hard out here in the state of NY ; strong willed make it happen while the others 'get by' now my thoughts on the city roxy is very strong willed and i love it but her and whitney now have to live together You MUST break her. I think mine's too strong-willed... . Athletes are already strong willed and motivated. They can tolerate abuse even if it's still not the most effective way. Me 2. I responded much better to encouragement than belittleing. Those people are not as strong-willed to begin with either. No one seen you coming, motivated strong willed..its your turn to be at the top No one seen you coming, motivated strong willed..its your turn to be at the top Dealing with Iran is like dealing with a strong-willed child, cept instead of getting 2 parents on the same page it's the int natl community my sick, cranky strong-willed child is helping me remember that love is a choice She is VERY strong willed, and probably a little OCD :0). I'm yelling more than I'd like, which NEVER works anyway. No one seen you coming, motivated strong willed..its your turn to be at the top No one seen you coming, motivated strong willed..its your turn to be at the top Thought! I luv my babies & I'm so proud of them,must have done something rite. Very strong willed & minded normal people take lunch at noon...late lunches are for the strong willed Even though a slave, Lillian is strong willed, determined and haughty. Read her story in The Vance Legacy @ No one seen you coming, motivated strong willed..its your turn to be at the top A guy read my palm 2day n said Im very independant n strong willed n Im very opioniated! Telmacus goes from sad boy 2 strong willed man, 1st he tells his mom 2 quit whining, & then he steps up 2 wht is rightfully his You are such an inspiration to many, a very strong willed woman, who is involved with so many causes that are so close to my No one seen you coming, motivated strong willed..its your turn to be at the top And I am cogent and strong willed when I say there is IGNORANT energy.. Eminem is one strong willed guy...only because he is a lunatic Stronger Then It's Ever Been Strong Willed To My Journey Ends Just got The Strong Willed Child off the shelf at the suggestion of her Dr after spending a few minutes with my daughter... is strong willed thats why everyone me you want to keep your bullshit alive for other people and CREATE this spectacle, go for it. But don't expect the strong-willed Its gone be alright nigga, your one of the most strong willed people I've ever met.. And I love you.. Maybe the fact that you *aren't* so readily available is what's keeping me strong-willed; making me stronger. this def applies to me! Wise Words: Strong-Willed Children: Avoiding Power Struggles Wise Words: Strong-Willed Children: Avoiding Power Struggles I LOVE you! You are beautiful & brilliant, strong willed...traits you (and I both) got from him. ; - ) Draw on that!!! I LOVE you! You are beautiful & brilliant, strong willed...traits you (and I both) got from him. ; - ) Draw on that!!! Wise Words: Strong-Willed Children: Avoiding Power Struggles
the cats seem unconcerned by my threats against whoever has turned into a poop-by-the-litterbox-no-matter-how-clean-it-is aggravation Happiness is a matter of one's most ordinary and everyday mode of consciousness being busy and lively and unconcerned with self.~Jean Ir ... son: "have the google wave invites gone out yet?" just joking. much of the world remains blissfully unconcerned.-HA!!!! son: "have the google wave invites gone out yet?" just joking. much of the world remains blissfully unconcerned. son: "have the google wave invites gone out yet?" just joking. much of the world remains blissfully unconcerned. Someone needs to inform my cat--she is unconcerned by my ferocity. Actually fairly unconcerned about the libel implications - implies he has a reputation to damage... Hb word 'Shalom' is used for peace, meaning - health, security, tranquility,a satisfied condition, an unconcerned state of peacefulness! xxx Happiness is a matter of one's most ordinary and everyday mode of consciousness being busy and lively and unconcerned with self. is unconcerned by The Sun going Tory. At least they've been honest about it, unlike papers that should know better like The Guardian Remain tranquil and unconcerned with the thoughts of acquisition and preservation of material objects. DILG, DPWH, DILG, NDCC, DENR, environment-unconcerned citizens.. the hands might not have enough fingers to point at the culprits.. if Labour so unconcerned about the influence of the media, why have the leadership spent the last 15 years fretting about the Daily Mail? this surfer, speaking exemplary SoCal dialect, is unconcerned with tsunami warnings. (ht: misteryes) This tsunami is a little lame. Only me and a passed out hobo clearly unconcerned about tidal events. Happiness is a matter of one's most ordinary and everyday mode of consciousness being busy and lively and unconcerned with self. Yes, I'm having the same confusion. RNZ seems unconcerned. GOP hack Franks, unconcerned about Bush team atrocities, said "Obama is an enemy of humanity" for caring enough to end evil Global Gag Rule. football: Chelsea Coach Carlo Ancelotti Unconcerned About Wigan Stumble [Chelsea News] Chelsea coach Carlo Ancelotti unconcerned about Wigan stumble: Italian looks to bo.. Happiness is a matter of one's most ordinary and everyday mode of consciousness being busy and lively and unconcerned with self. Sat in traffic watching a young lady distroy the clutch on her 07 plate Corsa. Seems unconcerned by the clouds of smoke! Tiring day... on the upside gave a really good presentation. For the first time I was smiling and unconcerned with self-esteem :) Rafa is unconcerned about his side's leaky defence saying the Reds are in sterling form at the other end of the pitch thanks to Torres. Remember when Media fight was -release photos of fallen soldiers coming home? Now that they can, why is media so unconcerned about them? Apparently unconcerned with echoes of gun-toting postal workers, Sarah Palin's calling her book Going Rogue. thank u girl!! mine were too & thats whats missin from these kids lives..unconcerned parents wanting lil wayne to raise their kid Death toll rises to 240. Depressing. :( One thing that confuses me is, some are even unconcerned about what's happening. I can't believe it! I can't believe there are some people who are unconcerned about what's happening. Pls stop the nonsense muna. If we're all equal - why bother with follower numbers? Are we that unconcerned with popularity? ;) I love how the cat pictured in this looks completely unconcerned with its owner's potential mental health issues: Congress & the President have not sacrificed a thing during this economic crisis. They haven't suffered at all & are totally unconcerned. Guardian Council announce massive security operation to protect Friday's derby, unconcerned so many military in one place my concern is not what is true "as a matter of law"--it's that the french seem unconcerned with the allegations. Happiness is a matter of one's most ordinary & everyday mode of consciousness being busy & lively & unconcerned with self ~ Iris Murdoch Benitez unconcerned by defensive errors Benitez unconcerned by defensive errors Happiness is a matter of one's most ordinary and everyday mode of consciousness being busy and lively and unconcerned with self. Mondays aren't for sissies. Ya gotta be strong. Ya gotta be wise. ya gotta be unconcerned about what lies ahead and get up anyway. Smile! U.S. seeing more female homeless veterans - war mongers are unconcerned about these people morning star venus.jpg. Unconcerned witness/ To anxious predawn struggles/ Morningstar: Venus/ (pic) Until justice is blind, educ unaware of race, unconcerned w/skin color, emancipation will b proclamation but not fact. -LBJ statutory rape is okay with BHO czar so does that mean Prez unconcerned 2? France ok w it /maybe BHO bonding wFrench Assholes so concerned about the constitution - right - but so unconcerned during the past 8 years I'm surprised how unconcerned I'm with school nowadays. Should I to panic? Chinese papers are unconcerned by bloggers and online news. Who'd have thought it? Social Security In Deficit Next Year, Obama Applauded Reform's Demise in 2006 AP Unconcerned
LOVING Hockey!!! it was totally accidental, only way that EVER happens! did you notice that we match? :o On the way to the hockey game!!!!! You'll look back at that tweet in about 8 or 9 years and go "man, I thought they were bad then..." :) They already are. Is it bad that I'm like "Oh yay hockey game today! But bummer I won't be able to check on my fish on Facebook till late.." Your kids are gonna be aww, fanx :D I am pretty myself :) FYI about Cedar Park Center me too! :) Ah well, he makes up for it with his niceness! :) Apparently twitter is the new place to forward random rumors without bothering to factcheck. Snopes is still your friend. I keep asking, but he seems to have some unnatural fear. Twitterphobic or something. It's tragic, really :) I know. Talk to It's her husband. I didn't bug him about it today. Should have though. I know, what's up with that! Maybe if we both keep bugging him...:) Ok Hockey tickets taken, thanks for playing folks! Oh all of stuff - mostly beaded earrings and necklaces and bracelet stuff :) That's cool! What all does your aunt make? yeah I am excited - its really my Aunts business, but I'll be putting together the internet side of things for a bit :) hahaha....yeah I understand :) I've been at work since 6am, so it will be a looonng day!!! Cool - can't wait to check it out! yes, yes I am!!! Need to do banner design and take some pictures this weekend :) Hey Austin and Cedar Park! I have 2 tickets to the Battle of the Stars, Tx Stars vs. Dallas Stars, tonight at 7! Anyone interested?? Almost all done with the prayer bead stuff I bought. Now I just need to sell them so I can buy more! :) Ew. Yeah, that's quite disturbing. Sorry you had to go through that. :( Tired. At work. But yay! Hockey game tonight! aww honey *hugs* i wish i could have been there for you Becca just spent a good 15 minutes complimenting your newfound desire to cook :) good job! Just woke up from a nap. Slept too long, but apparently needed it! Feel better now! Dear Tetco, you do not need your employees to tell me how to use your atm EVERY time I use it! I know how! I promise! I left training. Watched a video about abusers that kill and I lost it. Going to curl up in a ball at home. hmmm, wish I could watch it. no, all incidents are Learning about how Family Violence is about control and stuff. Good info - just tough. Sorry Jennet. I'm sure it makes my incident look like nothing. Ohh man this class is about family violence and I have already cried during every video. I hope I can make it. I'm a wreck. In training all day to be a better dispatcher. Ohhh yes! Got coffee this morning from Its a Grind. Keeping it away from the dog! move to Austin! Worked for me :) lol did lucky get all jacked up on caffeine? I WILL TRY TO TALK TO JENNET WISH ME LUCK I WILL NEED IT.. jennet turned around when i said how long mine was and was like WHAT Cleaning and praying with my prayer beads. Ahh, relaxing! Anyone know how to repair and reupholster an old chair in Austin area that wants to help me restore my grandmothers chair? :) Yaaay!!! One of the ladies at church is gonna fix one of my moms quilts that is in dire need of some TLC! Great. dropped my venti starbucks all over the kitchen floor. And my dog kept drinking it up while I was cleaning! Hyper dog, here I come!
Just got back from a Habitat for Humanity Board meeting. Co-op / Condo Boards: Building-wide Window Replacment! How to Get It Done! Plus, see a HABITAT-exclusive video! Habitat word cloud by when i google/bing myself, the only things that pop up that are actually me involve habitat for humanity and physics club. SUCCESS!!!! Make it Happen! Morris Habitat for Humanity: Morris Habitat for Humanity is an affiliate of Habi.. Observing the happy couple in their natural habitat News yard as a habitat garden: Mathilde adjusted, planting trees that don't grow taller t.. Koala Habitat should be protected - Obama administration wades deeper into Delta mire: For example, federal biologists say to improve habitat for D.. News yard as a habitat garden is at Wendys by UVU - Stop by and help Habitat! Brooklyn Eagle, Bay Ridge Eagle Brooklyn, NY :: daily paper in Brooklyn Habitat for humity is building GREEN an alarming rate of Koala bears are dying from chlamydia, a disease caused by stress :( Stop destroying their habitat!! News yard as a habitat garden News yard as a habitat garden - Daily Press: Dandelions are OK because rabbits like them. Mos.. **THIS FRIDAY, OCTOBER 2nd, HABITAT TEAM @ STANDARD! The TEAM IS IN THE AREA & ARE STOPPING BY @ 4:30pm what about Habitat for Humanity? **** THIS FRIDAY , OCTOBER 2nd, HABITAT TEAM @ STANDARD !!!!! The TEAM IS IN THE AREA & ARE STOPPING BY @ 4:30 pm. ... News yard as a habitat garden - Daily Press: Dandelions are OK because rabbits like them. Mos.. on line shopping Morris Habitat for Humanity: Invitation design of.. Morris Habitat for Humanity Habitat meeting done. Coffee in hand. Getting ready to tackle homework Morris Habitat for Humanity We heard that Bob Abbey is using the phrase to talk about renewable energy AND habitat conservation. Bird Watch News: David Sibley's Habitat We had a discussion in my class today - what is the difference between an ecosystem and a habitat. Thoughts? Canadian Tire=men in their natural habitat(minus food), if food comes into the equation it should all be good xD Y,yes. Clear cutting, erosion,salmon habitat, chemicals, the works. Yet, sometimes the physical card is a great tool. Nice 1/4 page in Palm Beach Post about Disney/Habitat venture for 2010. Volunteering for Habitat for Humanity Hugh Jackman, Linkin Park & More Donate VIP Experiences To Habitat via Painting pastors ready Habitat house: Gerry Johnson, dean of the Washington County Conference of the Evangelica.. I clicked to save big cat habitat Another Vegas freebie: Walking through the Flamingo habitat at the Flamingo. 4 hydroelectric dams are being destroyed in CA to restore salmon runs, and improve the habitat of the Klamath river don't you mean habitat? Don't take my word for it look into Habitat co. in Chicago & her work in the housing prog. and Gove Parc Apt which was run by Jarrett. This recent weather is ideal habitat for my species lol - exactly - i remember a housing development called Habitat '77 - uber-trendy at time - was sooooo dated inside a year Audio slide show with photographs of the UN General Assembly Hall in NY by 'habitat' photographer Polidori. Going to help out with Green Drinks at Habitat for Humanity Malayan tigers are off exhibit while their habitat is enhanced. When it re-opens, guests will see these rare cats through Zoo grade glass! Done for the day with Habitat in Santa Fe.Really WINDY here.Looking forward to get-together with other RVers tonight.10 at Bill & RV Painting pastors ready Habitat house - The Herald-Mail: Painting pastors ready Habitat houseThe Herald-MailGerr.. on line shopping Morris Habitat for Humanity: The rest of the estimated $1... No, I was sat on a habitat camouflaged sofa in the early nineties. S'true. :) Painting pastors ready Habitat house Habitat for Humanity RP conducting soup kitchen at Pasig Evacuation Centers 6am-2pm, Oct. 2-4. Volunteers pls call 8973069, 09178260881
You're a complete nutter... you actually track usage of "swear words" and then chastise people you don't even follow? Paxil ... this bitch back on my sides and she tryna chastise me bout woody smfhhhhhh Chastise me but give me soup and love anyways? *grin* Obama had agreed to chastise Ahmadi at regular UN session in general meeting along w/Germany, UK, FR, but BACKED out & forbade them Stars Chastise Audience Following Cellphone Interruption During ... Ladies always try to chastise me for the hair/They take is so seriously. It's NOT that serious, as long as you feel you look good it doesn't make it acceptable, but ppl are quick to chastise him for that instead of help. He didn't create Gully vs Gaza Stars Chastise Audience Following Cellphone Interruption During ... My Funny Word of the Day: Castigate - (verb) - To punish severely; also, to chastise verbally; to rebuke; to criticize severely.#fb your temptations get stronger,but can you yet withstand it and be obedient to Christ sayings?FAITH!Chastise your children.Pray. ..since its "internal".gotta play by same rules n standards.can't quote a mechanism when it suits n chastise it when it doesnt. so wait, first you chastise me for pissing you off by having a twit convo, and now you're mad i'm not involved enough, wtf. Think it was Duke Nukem that would frag you and then chastise you for being a cheat if you used the old Doom IDDQD/IDKFA cheats! Hugh Jackman And Daniel Craig Chastise Audience Following Cellphone Interruption During Broadway Play Thank him! And chastise his poor punctuation. I can't stand unrulely kids. Ppl chastise your children or I will. Lol. It shld b a sin to allow ur kid to b rude! Hugh Jackman stops performance to chastise cell user = AWESOME! don't chastise me HAHHAHAAHAHAHA "I criticize, I chastise, I even tore someone a new one, but I NEVER mock." - Kinda liking NCIS LA I want to say something (chastise) this girl at work who smokes & is PREGNANT. How can she do that? Lmao @ dont chastise me RaShaud Gutted! Missed through no fault of my own and at 12am still not on iplayer! Please chastise the BBC net monkeys. and tho I'm less of a fan of Moses Finley (2 Weberian 4 me), others might chastise me 4 th omission (@faustroll), LOL. (damn, rabbit holes!) and tho I'm less of a fan of Moses Finley (2 Weberian 4 me), others might chastise me 4 th omission (@fausroll) - LOL. (damn, rabbit holes!) Hay, I thought you were the authority when it came to venting unsubstantiated angst. Don't chastise me. P:! So its not like I'm trying to chastise younger girls or something. I can't get anywhere with any of you, regardless of age. :P Didn't JD chastise you enough about that? Parents nowadays don't chastise and don't want you to chastise their children thine god should not chastise for any impulses since they are only HUMAN Will not thy God chastise me for my impulses? I am confus'd, 's carriage arrives soon. Surprised that not too many find it insensitive that Angels doused jersey/wall mural w/beer last night. Pls don't chastise them... Hugh Jackman And Daniel Craig Chastise Audience Following Cellphone Interruption During B Why would any1 chastise u 4 sharing links on twitter? Isn't that z whole point? Unless it was a case of shameless self-promotion! LOL, i did that a few months ago and wasn't crazy about the outcome...stylist didn't chastise me, but wasn't exactly happy either! It was your Belated Happy wishes :-) I will chastise the appropriate people for not informing me! Hugh Jackman and Daniel Craig stop their Broadway show to chastise audience member whose cell ring interrupts them twice --> It is not your business unless I choose to share it with you. Do NOT try to judge me or chastise me, you know nothing about it. little do you know, I chastise you. But that comes with fairytory. If you can't see my comment, its because of TC caching. That's what I said. Apple dropped the ball, but don't chastise a great dev I love that if I've done something questionably ethical, I can confess to Janey and know she will not chastise me. I vote chastise Not sure whether to applaud your skills or chastise you for not inviting us to dinner! Not sure whether to applaud your skills or chastise you for not inviting us to dinner! Just listening to the new Paramore album... DONT CHASTISE ME, SIMON! Daniel Craig and Hugh Jackman chastise someone whose phone rings in the middle of their play. Thse who used 2 chastise America for acting alone in the world cnt now stnd by and wait for America to solve the world's prblms alone.-b.o. Not if it stops me talking (grin). How am I to properly chastise him ??? Also anyone trying to chastise you on the internet today of all days fails at Judaism big time. Trust me.
Also, I think we're all pretty evenly matched in perverseness... though I think my favs make me a slightly more obvious target! Men have their vices, heroism, perverseness, they possess and exercise all that is good, and all that is bad in this world WQ: Omg like sperm! (Jessalyn goes into hysterics and admonishes our perverseness) The integrity of the upright shall guide them: but the perverseness of transgressors shall destroy them - Proverbs 11:3 You could always create an anthology of their perverseness along with their names of course... It's quite a sign of my perverseness that at 22.30 on a Sat night, I'm still enthusiastic about my library research. I'm stunned myself. "The integrity of the upright shall guide them: but the perverseness of transgressors shall destory them." Proverbs 11:3 But when a young lady is to be a heroine, the perverseness of surrounding families cannot prevent her. Someth (cont) Whaaa? Oh my brain can't take anymore nasty perverseness today! Oh my brain can't take anymore nasty perverseness today!
I have the hack, but don't have audioscrobbling for playback, is that available? Boxee works nice though. Do you have questions for How about have it asked at Long Beach Comic-Con? Here's a nice place to post it Hello Tweeps! <--- Nice pic bossy! yea! Its nice too!! nice hammel baby! Random custom objects - drag-and_drop (Animated Backgrounds): Random things are nice, right?.. oh thank u,u know it is very easy to Kris&Adam into real life places they're not.Nice to kno I haven't totes lost it yet. Nice 5th for KK. What are his chances of making the playoff roster? He's making a good case. a basehit would really be nice. nice :). ooh csi ny i gotta download it!. nice! I almost went but I forgot if it was at Ramona or la Sierra Look it here Don-Don be nice to me !!!--OBEY KAYBE!! <~~Fa Sho Doe!!! you are?!?!! Nice lol nice... my bastard cookie just told me "If it seems fates are against you today, they probably are." FUCK! oh stage mothers, it's nice to see u all again in all shapes and forms. i was to just get used to mine. rofl the hazards of the iphone.. your right a nice little infra-red collision warning detector would be nice, maybe an airbag thanks <3 btw i'm curious, do you have a facebook account or is it a fake? a reply would be nice! Had lunch with a dear friend today. SHe brought her copy of "Widow's Walk" so I could autograph. Nice compliment. Get your copy at Amazon. It's to nice of a night to be home. Have you guys ever been to uranus? i hear it's really nice this time of year. haha . nice to talk to you 2 :] . byee great tweets by the way, very nice to tweet with you ,) Before we go on vacation I need to do a thorough cleaning. I want it to be nice for any burglars who stop by. Wouldn't it be nice if all home builders were as hot as you are!!! Lookin' good boy! Sweet dreams, teething babies. And please be nice to the ones who change your diapers :) it feels nice but cold but wierd all at the same time..........o hi ... I kicked it wit a new boo today! he is soo nice! i can say things like this on twitter cuz u kno who isnt on here. i hate when ppl try to do me wrong.cuz in fact im a nice dude...cross that line n its on XD NICE! Jackison Where he will also be appearing and would be horonrd if u will come down and show your Thank You And Have A Nice Day i come back from a nice, refreshing shower to my dad bitching at me for no apparent reason. ._. very nice pics man...yummmmm My son is driving me home from church... nice! - Very nice Victory Lane, awesome females that are nice to you, eat healthy like salads etc and as usual i am often acting :) sorry i couldnt say better things. .@psstudio_dpi Nice. Clean and easy to read. took me a nice warm bubble bath =]. Feeling somewhat better! ... nice! Nice! Can I help you come clean up? :) haha i was like what is she talking about? Haha i hope he wont sell it either haha hes nice :) he says he'll kick the douches ass Noo Homework, this is nice for a chance :] text it up? ... *smiles* hello nice to meet you, I'm Kelly Nice to know on a 1500 piece of hardware something as the CD drive could just die like that. And I take it you rock the Blackberry? what's up mr stats? Nice work. Yes gut is saying ben. Sadly, my gut is a poor indicator of future success. delivery dude just told me to "have a nice weekend." if i wake up tomorrow thinkin it's Friday i'ma fuck him up
Telluride's aspens are glorious, albeit a lot of color flew today. Find out why forests in Colorado aren't fairing so well, Library, 6p now. Front fairing paintjob DONE!, ya solo falta el Clear coat y listo el pollo. Honda CBF600 2010 - Standard with mini fairing, and exciting, fuel injected engine. Ya gotta love it! Smick wrote the review "The fairing really cuts down on wind noise, but mine ..." YAR! When you get off my sea fairing vessel I ask ye' to tweet about it! Use the hastag or maybe a front fairing off a 1st generation Suz 'Can o Tuna'? oh yeah, I'm thrilled and relieved. How is your awesome experience fairing. that's why you should go before you leave the house. how are the kids fairing? ;P I am job fairing at 10. Might see you there. We have an extra salad if you were interested. How are you guys fairing with so much beer flowing on your tour?! Have a good one tonight the best looking zma i have seen is not with a fairing, but a naked one :) The full fairing on the new karizma is a little bit of an overkill? I used to like the fairing look better.. In the office about to the weekly land meeting...let's see how the land of land is fairing..looking for those green shoots of recovery Aww! Thank you! :) Hope your classes are fairing better, now. ^^ GaSP!!!!! Hey lady..I's good. How are u fairing? the midwest is not fairing any better. Frost warnings in WI. Disappointing glimpse of how the WSJ is fairing under Murdochracy by | The Journal Edges to the Right : CJR hey xtian! long time no see! how r u fairing?? R90S project all assembled. Now for wiring, cables, hand controls, fluids, etc........Hannigan fairing too! Spedometer cable fell off my bike the other day. I think it's a sign to go custom front end with no fairing, one light, and just a tach. Thank you for the How is your week fairing so far? GSXR 1000 K5 RACE FAIRING (Whole unit incl. tail) Day almost over, hope everyone is fairing well! no. more. regular expressions! painting inner fairing question...: getting ready to have my inner fairing painted, does anyone have advice on .. am riding old SR125 because broke my fairing falling off. OH says can have CBR back when I stop falling off so much! Wanted : Race fairing's for Ducati 1098 / 1198 - Biker.ie : Irish ... Good afternoon. And how are you fairing today? Good Morning Twitterville! How is everyone fairing this am? Hope everybody is fairing well through this nasty weather! All is good here! Looking forward to seeing the finished fairing! Fall weather is here, so riding is getting limited. lol :) hi ! I hope thee are fairing well. would love to visit there someday, I'm :) Harley Davidson Detachable Fairing for Road King 6x9: Image: Harley Davidson Detachable Fairing for Road King 5 inch: Image: Dijual Chasis dan body Yamaha TZ Full Stabillizer upsidedown double cakram, Fairing CBR600, Tangki how can I get a decal for the fairing on my roof rack? was looking for a nice vinyl cut, but you all don't offer them... Yankees minor league team fairing pretty well against the major leaguers tonight. Hey there! ure around? Were not fairing very well with our best of but he will rise again before its all said and done. suffered mostly cosmetic damge...shift rod, pegs and upper fairing. Also had 2 weekends on w/ Rich Oliver. had 2nd school w/ Mystery lol i havent done halloween in a long time. oh and btw i wonder if tim is still fairing good with those zombies lol *sweeps into the room* Hello peasan.. erh pleasant ones! How are we fairing this lovely afternoon? I am fairing well. Just seems like one of those days for me. Glad to hear all is well with U. Lovin' the new background pic ;-) hey sister in arms, how are ye fairing this fine evening? I meant to say Cowboys They're all from TX. Anywhoo, how's OTH fairing w/o Lucas? I meant to say Cowboys They're all from TX. Anywhoo, how's OTH fairing w/o Lucas? Princeton's impressions of the kindle. Wonder how they are fairing at Case. 2010 Rollout fairing well! Send us a DM if you didn't get a confirmation :) rehearsing for el clase :) simultaneously working...hanging out with puppy, and vanity fairing. i need to just pick one! Regional Employment Pulse: MA Is Hanging On: The overall economy is still not healthy: MA fairing better Just had my bike seviced. Noticed the fairing was a little loose. Bit of movement at high speed, coulple of rivetts missing I think. US local newspapers fairing better than big metropolitans. Same as in Oz. (via
Yeah and what are these socialist "roads?" A man should hack through the brush with a machete every morning to get to work. My youth group is awesome- there's a man on stage who swallowed a sword while juggling a knife, a machete and a sawblade. And the night ... $$2 You call it till 11...Wed-Karaoke, Thur-Never ForSaken Autmusfest Ticket Giveaway, Fri-PUSH, Sat-Machete!! ... Rodriguez DID make Machete and it's in post-production! And De Niro and Cheech are in it! SWEET! Oh, they just chopped a cute little monkey's face off with a machete. No special effects... I probably should be more bothered about this... I'LL MURDER YOU WITH A MACHETE AND THROW OVER ANY FUCKIN BRIDGE AND WATCH YOUR FUCKIN MOTHER CRY WHEN I STAB YOU IN HER EYES TO STOP TEARS YA I GOT THAT CHOPPER MY CHOPPER STAY READY I HIT THEM IN THE MEATBALL AND TURN TO SPIGETTI THEN CUT HIM INTO PIECES WITH MY MACHETE yes. A machete for sure! One day of shooting left on MACHETE 10:46 PM Sep 18th from web - how friggin cool is that?? So Machete is for Real?? Wow.. a dream come true! Got a machete! Time to go rambo on some weeds! You need to buy some of hat. and a machete Man struck by machete outside bar So Delonte is a big El Mariachi fan. Wonder if he's excited for machete. How's your week been? I know Monday was as unlucky as Friday the 13th - minus Jason & his hockey mask & machete, ha ha. What - that's what ive been saying for years now! my girlfriend got me on zombies now i can't quit lol!! machete? i wanna gun Chop Chop Chop!Off comes the head.Im on a killing spree, machete in hand.Run for ur life, run for ur life.Headhunte ... Chop Chop Chop!Off comes the head.Im on a killing spree, machete in hand.Run for ur life, run for ur life.Headhunte ... Chop Chop Chop!Off comes the head.Im on a killing spree, machete in hand.Run for ur life, run for ur life.Headhunte ... Chop Chop Chop!Off comes the head.Im on a killing spree, machete in hand.Run for ur life, run for ur life.Headhunte ... this pretty much goes along with your don't bring a banana to a machete fight theme lmao...u dont want it ( loads up pistol, grabs machete and puts on black gloves and ski mask and turns on marylin manson ) Maybe Foam Lake is "the best place in the world to live"...8 pc pocket knife set for $30! Wada steal! machete/saw fo al ur serial kill needs Man charged in machete attack - RocNow: Well I think that settles it, and I are destined to be running from insane, dangerous humans in the future. Where's my machete?! The COLLIDE suite just decided a machete on the end of a hockey stick is the best way to defend one's home from snakes. But it look like it was made out of steel, Jason comes with sounds like you can here is machete as he slashes with it. You should've been to with me, Jason looked so real, even his machete, although it was made out plastic. BRB KILLING THEM *GETS OUT MACHETE* The COLLIDE suite just decided a machete on the end of a hockey stick is the best way to defend one's home from snakes. True story. today one of my teachers was like "be quiet otherwise I'll shoot u with my machete" lol crazy cool shooting knife Compreende? > Control Machete - Comprendes Mendes > Iar am adus cadouri noi pe cemarfa.ro ---ceasuri, machete, statuete; offf si cate mai avem de introdus... Dodging lightning strikes with a machete and an antenna. Obama, Jay-Z, and Kanye are all phonies and beyond overrated. Kcuf them all. A few years back a kid got attacked by a bunch of asian-gang-members with a machete, like 1 block from my old place. Good times. He uses a machete. Is there gonna be some of melee sword/machete were i can go around slashing people and being a NINJA ? thanks in advance. Nica gardeners are never subtle, just a machete,some pent up anger and a bottle of rum I am not sick today! Woot! Machete will be here tomorrow =D. Hoping for some fun defaults tonight! Jason wit tha Machete... BREAKING! Danny Trejo "Machete" becomes asskicking human to go to Predator planet in new reboot Predator movie! BREAKING! Danny Trejo "Machete" becomes asskicking human to go to Predator planet in new reboot Predator movie! A lady was moaning nonstop. I wanted 2 say Y dontcha just kill urself &put us outta ur misery? Outta da box urself. Machete not included. Smh Man charged in machete attack Man charged in machete attack Man charged in machete attack Wtf be goin on back home. The shit I be hearin about be reckless City man charged in machete attack. Man charged in machete attack Man charged in machete attack
"The hours I spend with you I look upon as of a perfumed garden, a dim twilight, and a fountain..." Oooh, this perfumed lotion looks yummy. I'm just hoping it doesn't set of my asthma with the Patchouli and Sandalwood... May I pay my hospital for my healthcare and let them admin it? They know my needs more than some perfumed insurance lady in Alabama! My jasmine plant's blooming again and my entire room is perfumed with its fragrance. The ketsana is a perfumed tree frm Laos. Where do int'l typhoon names come from? oh, you should never let jesus help with the washing up. He thinks the dishes should be dried with perfumed hair. Juliette Has a Gun New fragrance (Biased A perfumed named Juliette!!! Lol) Trying to smell thru phone! Just mixed fresh batch of our wicked hot chocolate. Factory now perfumed with all the spices! Wicked is my fave! Just mixed up a fresh batch of our wicked hot chocolate. Factory is now perfumed with all the spices! Rough to the day:730 work appt canc. After I showed up. Frustrating 1st client in WAY over-perfumed. Just mixed up a fresh batch of our wicked hot chocolate. Factory is now perfumed with all the spices! My fave: golden beets in white sauce, gently perfumed with nutmeg. mmm! Isn't X Factor a sanitised, made-up and perfumed version of the gladiatorial arena? Those poor little caterwauling lambs... I think Body Shop has reformulated its lipstick.The lipstick is fragranced.Hates perfumed lipsticks.Feels as if I've just eaten a soap. Latest Deal: Blue Grass by Elizabeth Arden for Women 5.3 oz Perfumed Body Powder Just walked into the Melrose Arch hotel-don't you just love the scent in here! Apparently Davidoff Cool Water -seriously, a perfumed hotel!? Showered, moisturised, perfumed. Face full of smoke by a random, thanks for that Perfumed Soaps manufacturer Guilin Share Friend Daily Use Chemical Co., Ltd updated website on HelloTrade candlelit perfumed air sinks to a smile what kind of fragrance are you looking for? something for the colder weather? you can order samples from the perfumed Great items for $0.99 & $1.99 for Campaign 21 - LOVE IT! Powders, Perfumed Skin Softeners, After Shave & more Inspired by Rhone's Guigal, this Napa producer makes a stunningly perfumed by cofermenting w/ TRAVEL TASTING: 1968 Cask from the Highland Park warehouse: nose: toffee, spicy, perfumed, faintly oil peat and treacle sauce; palate: warm No joke, heavily perfumed girl just got on to my left. That was it, moved down three treadmills. My brain cells can't take it. :) The Shulamite: Who is this coming out of the wilderness Like pilllars of smoke, Perfumed with myrrh and frankincense, With all the... Some people love coldish LA mornings. I am not one of them. I love when the heat rises like tendrils from perfumed ground. When it punches. Haircut downside: smelling like a perfumed PONCE with all the 'product' that was applied. (mel) RZ just gave a great tip, blondes -add perfumed powder to hair if you don't have time to wash. Not brunettes though, looks dandruffy! so, the perfumed eye seems ok this morning, rinsed it with loads of warm water, Daughter still got the lurghy, My mom perfumed herself down and it smelled good so I asked her what she sprayed and she said ' your ass' and I almost died haha Hey, those stuffies smelled like expensive perfumed soap, thank you very much. "cinders and rain perfumed almost everything we laughed and laughed...Cryin' took me to the darkest place and you have set fire to my in my hometown of Gary, burning leaves perfumed mill smoke. Re: Fall Was for Burning Leaves her perfumed hair/ flows across my pillows/ in morning's light/ breasts rise and gently fall/ I am entranced again Cologne water, a mildly perfumed toilet water also known as eau de Cologne, has been made in Cologne, West Germany since 1709. "And when the fires came, The smell of cinders and rain, Perfumed almost everything, We laughed and laughed and laughed" Perfumed Passion Flower 8 Seeds/Seed -Passiflora alata Perfumed Passion Flower 8 Seeds/Seed -Passiflora alata Time To Stock Up! Today's All perfumed Skin Softeners $1.99 each! Perfumed Passion Flower 8 Seeds/Seed -Passiflora alata Not the end of the world -- but a harbinger? | Got stuck behind two overly-perfumed elderly ladies walking slowly. Perfumed Passion Flower 8 Seeds/Seed -Passiflora alata Perfumed Passion Flower 8 Seeds/Seed -Passiflora alata Perfumed Passion Flower 8 Seeds/Seed -Passiflora alata Perfumed Passion Flower 8 Seeds/Seed -Passiflora alata Got stuck behind two overly-perfumed elderly ladies walking slowly. Perfumed Passion Flower 8 Seeds/Seed -Passiflora alata
Plus, there are a lot more easy fuel pickings in the lush valley below little closer to hand. Humans appreciate convenience :)
same with Tom Sawyer by Rush and Missile Command to make better version of missile in controversial test Just bought a FIM-92E Stinger Missile. Radio Free Europe: Could Iran Trigger A New Cuban Missile Crisis? a system (Missile)that does not work and never did. says the chairman of the joint chief of staff. check that out tom wsj: Obama's Missile Offense - It's better these days to be a U.S. adversary than its friend. Checking out the fresh hop beers with Todd Liked the Wheat and Crystal Missile. Russia's foreign minister says Iranian missile tests ...: Russian FM: Iranian missile tests cause .. Interesting reading--nuclear missile launch drills: New missile defense plan bets on Navy interceptors... New missile defense plan bets on Navy interceptors US advice for anxious Gulf states: Buy our missile defense system Congratulations Varley Engineering at Tomago on yr achievement in producing 1,000 shipping casings for the Nulka decoy missile system Let the wanking begin.... National Day in Beijing arrives CCTV: Look at the size of Hu Jintao's missile New missile defense plan bets on Navy interceptors... New missile defense plan bets on Navy interceptors... New missile defense plan bets on Navy interceptors Could Iran Trigger a Cuban Missile Crisis? - J. Choksy, Radio Free Europe: Watching mw2 first multiplayer video that ac-130 perk looks like the tv-guided hellfire missile of the 1st reveal video maybe its other perk New missile defense plan bets on Navy interceptors Yeh, I agree. What are some of the holes you saw? I only thought of the missile launcher not shooting the tractor beamed controlship WB Farewell Mentos Missile Launch US drone kills 6 in Pakistan's N. Waziristan: A missile-firing U.S. drone aircraft killed six people, incl.. they're missile launch codes... lol nah they're for a beta for this upcoming game called Russia's missile-defense proposals still stand LONG DISTANCE MISSILE LAUNCHERS are more effective (to my mind), when they are set on wheeels or on ships. Iran just test-fired a missile capable of carrying peaceful nuclear technology. today i use vulcan and missile destroy 19 f-16c 15 f-16xl 8 f-15s/mtd you believe me? used to be commander & chief of my pimp ship, flying high, till i met this pretty little missile that shot me out of the sky (: Just bought a FIM-92E Stinger Missile. I just defused a nuclear missile. Surender Monkey Missile Shield Lies Iran says they will "test" LONG RANGE missile tomorrow hey its you, in a pic I most likely took...in some secret missile base :P Greece Builds Missile Capability Against Turkey: ATHENS [MENL] -- Greece has been deploying missiles with a ran.. Missile Defense: Who's Jeering Now? -- Politics Daily US drone kills 6 in Pakistan's N. Waziristan: A missile-firing U.S. drone aircraft killed six people, incl.. I just defused a nuclear missile. Surender Monkey Missile Shield Lies New missile defense plan bets on Navy interceptors - AP: RIA NovostiNew missile defen.. Could Iran Trigger A New Cuban Missile Crisis?: Radio Free Europe | The only problem with this (via I read it yesterday and was very disappointed. 1) The Statue of is a National Park 2) White Sands has missile test. Could Iran Trigger A New Cuban Missile Crisis?: Radio Free Europe | The only problem with this scenario is.. New missile defense plan bets on Navy interceptors - The Associated Press: RIA NovostiNew missile defen.. A breakdown of Iran's missile arsenal:
Seven ways to stay health conscious: Avoid eating sweets in large quantities. It is more than OK to have a cook.. Ways To Use Social Bookmarking Sites: Ways To Use Social Bookmarking Sites: NUTHIN SILENT TREATMENT NE WAYS YU DNT KNOW HOW 2 ACT CUZ YU GOT A TWITTER GET AH PIC NIGGA!! HOW WAS DA FOOD? [CNEN] In Balkans, a Daunting Money Pit for the E.U.: In many ways, Bosnia and Herzegovina ought already .. Holy amazing on "Great Ways to Crush Creativity" In What Ways Are The Stock Market And The Real Estate Market Related? I haven never known a bachelor in the afternoon guess you got to get how you live right.. but N-E ways, Me and Lexxxy did our thang. 22 Little Known Ways to Make a Name for Yourself WIN. My homies in and are going to be on So Many Ways on 10/27; Devon Kay & The Solutions on 11/06. Tune in! my head is better I think I can add again.....then again.....ne ways Hi! 5 Easy Ways To A Clear Email Box Ways for Self Improvement Now Made Easy | Philip Harman's Business ... ill dm everyone alternative ways to talk to me if your interested best morning read Thursday morning read: 15 ways to clear a dancefloor by Daniel Wang - 12 Ways to Find Anyone's Email Address | (via > For all my stalker friends :) In Balkans, a Daunting Money Pit for the E.U. (New York Times): In many ways, Bosnia and Herzegovina ought already t.. Okay, so I changed my mind and decided to do not 1, but 3 processing notes....maybe this wasn't such a good idea. I have a long ways to go. *My Thoughts Look Both Ways Before Crossin My Mind. --- Lil Rob Tonight @ Upperdeck in Scottsdale..Holla ... Three Ways to Cope with a Looming Layoff 3 Ways Digg Can Stop the Bury Brigade Dead in Its Tracks ~@the_gman cc: I favorited a YouTube video -- U2 - Mysterious Ways LIVE Blogged Simple Ways to Lead a Debt-Free Life: - met before who are just like u in some ways. being in project bieber was really fun while it lasted. and i am sorry. PROJECTBIEBER brought I couldn't bring myself to make myself vomit....I wanted to...so instead tomorrow I'll just not really eat. Idk..advice on quick ways 2 ... I called and they had copies but said they wouldn't ship...but would hold. It's a ways from NM to CA...bummer. Network Marketing Lead Generation Tips- Simple Ways To Generate Leads For Your Business Posted By : Tony Bernar.. These chicks go both ways. Free instant access to bisexual babes. These chicks go both ways. Free instant access to bisexual babes. "There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still." - Franklin D. Roosevelt 12 Ways to Find Anyone's Email Address | via Dear singtel, I don't need revolutionary ways to watch EPL matches. Just make it AFFORDABLE! i'm for both teams! both of u are hot in ur own ways.. ;p lets just fade our separate ways like axis , only to return like taxes ! When in quick sand keep on moving! A statement that's relevant in so many different ways. can you play a million ways at the live broadcast tomorrow? To Tweet or Not? Can Journalists Have It Both Ways? 12 Ways to Find Anyone's Email Address | via grr both comp nd laptop r fuked in both diff ways :( If u have to turn side ways to get out the door u have no reason to n in mcdonalds. 10 Simple Ways Apple Can Improve the iPhone *smiles* So, what do you plan on doing until everyone arrives; when we need to go our seperate ways? JUST WALKED BK 2 MY ROOM. SUPA ASS ALL WAYS CAKE NIGGA EAR GO FUCKIN FALL OFF!!! Personal Development For Kids - 2 Quick Ways to Motivate Your Kids: If kids aren't motivated now, early in life.. SILLY DUCK NE WAYS... you guys im headed to bed i have a long day a head of me. SDeniseG "There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still." - Franklin D. Roosevelt 'every person i kno want to b rich many people dnt realize they r already richer in a multitude of ways Dat money could never come I'm cleaning out my inbox (lots of saved blog posts): 5 Ways to Spice Up Your Gmail Signature - People can surprise you in the smallest ways.
She goes in and out of that, huh? I guess that is similar to most of us. Nice to relate to a celebrity! similar to personal testamonies or reviews? Like the App Store? companies using mom bloggers to rec products... RE: Tweetie 2.0 - Why couldn't the new features be unlocked with an in-app purchase similar to game levels or something similar? When do you expect the new Korn album to be finished? Does it sound similar to any other album? What type of procedure is similar to oats? Is Jonathan Litzler related to Andy Samberg? Such similar faces! Brother can move! can Drupal wordpress blogs? And can I find a theme similar to ? I'm curious. ahhh those are so aweome, tho! kinda similar, cuz the ones i want are shiny-ish on the sides and toes too! are they 7.5 mister? YESS do it!BTW we have similar health interests. care 2 submit/read healthy living reviews on What are the ones you use to fight in? Lets see if I can get something similar. I understand it more like a crowd-sourced content acquisition (similar to maybe Yelp or UrbanSpoon? Not professional production Hindsight is 20/20. ^_^ Yours sounds incredibly similar to mine - 5 years w/ someone everyone else disliked. Drink&bitch soon? On a hike another spilled out all water because someone asked for a drink. "NOT unless you've gone as far and as fast as I" Sound similar? My mom thinks that misty was hanging out with Cindy and George Anthony in Orlando trying to get her story straight!! Similar situation?!?! PSN PSP games looking fucking ace! Hope the UK store is similar..... what? stop laughing! It must be because our lives are so similar, right? ;) BTW anyone notice the similar things happening in Vampire Diaries and things that happen in Twilight ?? I can list about 4 or 5 . - are the numbers similar in New Jersey? I know the numbers are high in Essex(my county) and Hudson. Oh wow! What did you think of it? Is it similar to Singapore? Anyone using MS SharePoint or a similar tool? Pros? Cons? were you thinking tasma? Similar names...similar hobbies (we write etc.) but since I liive in the US...not so much. Is there another similar poster with and squarechicken posing?Who's got the better legs? I just think it's just WRONG to not look at similar genre work. Would you write an action movie and not see DIE HARD? If I could recreate PBS it would be somewhat similar to Free Speach TV. Why not? Oh yeah and Julia Child would always be on air! Thanks for the I visited WeWired but I didn't quite get it. Is it really of Wired? Italian is not that similar to PT Who argues that date is significant? You could pick almost any point pre-May 2009 and find a similar split in W%. wooooo guy! hey oh, do you like it like that? similar stories? BOTH IDOLS! 30 Seconds (more) - Is Joel Tobeck trying to be the down under version of Clunes, or are they just naturally similar? TTAB Finds "LUCA'S CHOPHOUSE" Confusingly Similar to "LUCA PIZZA" Now they get a monopoly on the name? now it's is there such a thing as a web series about time travel or similar to dw? to go with similar points for Atlanta? A somewhat-old post from a Boston VC about their fair city vs. SV: True. But if you compare the reader's selections to the editors, they're remarkably similar. So why not make readers default? TTAB Finds "LUCA'S CHOPHOUSE" Confusingly Similar to "LUCA PIZZA" Now they get a monopoly on the name? @ TTABlog Do you realize you are for with a profile pic very similar to Is this intentional? naww one of my followers said ppl be ghost writeing for him becuz hes & waynes lyrics are similar??? so jonathan davis is really working with TH? funny, considering he called some band similar to TH a while back a "gay ass emo band" I give it a week. Wait, they already broke up? Similar hygeine, creative differences. What laptop/OS are you using? sounds similar to something my father-in-law had wrong with his HP laptop running Vistaaaargh! newsweek is a rag. Palin is over-exposed? When was the last time they made a similar critism of the pres's 231 speeches on hc? Is there a Red Cross donation line or similar for Samoa yet? Yes, try here [via Am I the only one that's sees a crazy resemblnc between BET's Rising Icons show and Soul Train???....looks mighty similar. Great show tho Valid similar points for Atlanta, too? A somewhat-old post from a Boston VC about their fair city vs. SV: . so it wouldnt upset you if i called you buttercup or something similar? Do you think blur has to filter through a server, similar to the way the sidekick data goes through Danger first? Good point. Now what about if the services are similar & all contact info is same? let's say.. a beauty writer slash makeup HAHA, sounds similar. andd what is that a surprise I listen to themm . ? Google Wave - is there a service similar to google wave where people can edit/create docs at the same time? - Similar theme: "and what is the use of a book" thought Alice, "without pictures or conversations?". Lewis Carroll thanks for that -you spotted the nyc one i take it? We're doing similar things in Sligo this past year - occupying empty units
but still DL is tacky,late,n def not cute! Its a total downgrade! Arrgg tommorow is super hero tacky day (for me at least) i think award shows with dinner tables are tacky as fuck No, it's tacky when a million other muthafuckas are in ur main pic... and ur nowhere to be found TOMORROWS TACKY DAY LOL! WISH CHEERLEADIN TRY OUTS WOULD HURRY!! WELL SONGS NOT DONE YET): LOL COMMENT ME! ADD4ADD? ... ITS TACKY WHEN UR BACKGROUND MATCHES UR MAIN PIC do people still wear colored contacts? <<~OMG. Idk. Its sooo tacky. I find Ed Hardy stuff tasteless, tacky and trite. If only the rest of Sydney agreed with me i could walk with my eyes open It was tacky! "you are so tacky." need to learn to pull their damn pants up and quit giving me bad luck showing the crack of their ass so tacky!!! need to learn to pull their damn pants up and quit giving me bad luck showing the crack of their ass so tacky!!! and i never seen anything like it a day in my life can somebody say tacky my aunt kids didn't have alot of money her funeral was a mess Yeah! They're older stuff was alright but now it's so tacky, cluttered, & unoriginal. Plus, they put the same designs.... ... new person. It's so tacky, but it'll be good. New hair, clothes, attitude etc. etc. 90% of the people in jeans and talking on their cell phone during the ceremony? tacky In rehearsal lookin @ them like "Who gone wear these tacky clothes?" NOT ME! did this dude just try to talk 2 me with a blunt in his hand. How tacky.Jst plain type of grl does he take u for?* GOT THA NEW TACKY DAY PICS GO COMMENT THEM ... at least you don't have some tacky on the front page tacky day instead of college day! Sorry but when the Rabbi's microphone has an echo effect during the blessings - it's tacky! could there be anything more tacky than the chia pet presidential collection? think tacky, tacky, tacky. Tacky Day tomorrow. :) girrrrl yes! its too sad too, most of them are w/tacky women too lol her wack stylist who needs to be fired. She's incredibly tacky and she thinks she's fashion forward oh and i sooo agree on the gk thing. their stuff is so fucking tacky now. she has a few cute shoes lol. She's just tacky. I wonder who let's her out like that. take a female balled b4 1 wit a tacky lace wig Reagangomez...id take a female balled b4 1 wit a tacky lace wig Happy to I just cracked open a left over "tacky" beer in your honor, so you've got that going for you...which is nice. Is it a fashion trend to out out in public wearing your pajama pants, come on it looks so tacky, I'm for freedom of speech. But don't you wish political signs were outlawed. Makes area look tacky lol right. i feel like that to when i see them. but its tacky. lol so were stright. lol got that bomb style. aha Ok so its this fashion designer on wendy willams and she has on a tacky ass lacefront So not just tacky, but unoriginal? As if the idea alone could not have been any worse. Yes, you lucked out lol! I only hope it's not TOO tacky... although I'm not sure how that will be possible! I feel so drew barrymore, tiara, boa, weird and pants - tacky day ! I might. I <3 them enough to wear their merch. I typically think that wearing band merch is tacky, but for them I might Like the Macarena, is there anything that is really popular today that will be tacky & outdated in the future? LOL - Their hosting skills tacky also, poor things! Hmm....@106andPark, if I could make anything disappear with a blink of an eye, it would be that tacky fox that Rocsi killed and is wearing. suspicious and tacky in appearance if everytime I see you, you say...."Here, take down my new like really what's goin on in your life? unbelievable! Laundry: Readers respond to tacky showers Oh brother!Im going 2 predict that lots of "celebrities" R going 2 jump on the MMA bandwagon.They better not make it tacky! UHH HiT ME UP ON DiS iSH.. GOT TACKY DAY TOMMOROW HOMECUMiN COUNTDOWN 2DAYS WHO WANNA TXT[KOMMENTPiKKS]THiCK CUTiE ... is that tacky? - got me looking at tacky Alibata tattoos on Google. .@positivespace got me looking at tacky Alibata tattoos on Google.
11c. Now try a heptagon to guess the shape of the floor plan. What perimeter estimate do you get using a heptagon?
Today (09/30/09) I swam 44 lengths in 20 minutes. Still recovering from Monday! Hope next swim is a little better. THEN, we swam in the baltic at midnight. Ive never felt more alive. swam 45 mins today at school and just walked 45 mins at the rec... helllooooo size 7 ! I swam today, I lifted weights today, I ran today. All destroyed by 450 calorie Buster Bar that loving wife brought me from Dairy Queen... Yes, but she has already taken this level once and she swam today like she was 3. I don't think she actually swam at all. just swam with 50 beautiful spinner dolphins today. we need to keep the ocean CLEAN for these beautiful beings! Havent swam underwater wiv sensie since knickergate. Did 16 yesterday on my own. Training more regular &. Wiv less distraction in gud shape i think my dad is angry at my sista coz she went to the beach and swam she came home had a shower and left a really big pile of sand Ahh the women next to me smells like she swam in her perfume this morning....ehhh i'm dying over here someone rescue me lol Whoa! I swam today! I'm in a way better mood! ... Nope. Brother and I went to the gym. All we did was work on arms for an hour and then swam only using our arms. I grew up in Illinois. We drive thru Iowa every summer--Swam in a lot of town pools--specifically Atlantic, IA! Nice place Swimming did not go well. Gemma swam worse than she did when she was 3!! If she doesn't practice they are kicking her out of the class. New Update to Come see Swam, DiViNCi, & Second Subject Recordings at this year's festival Long time since I swam in the Ocean; Pretty rough waves, was more fun than training. Three serious training days left! oNcE uPoN a TiMe ThErE wAs A dUcK. tHe EnD. :D tHe DuCk LiKeD tO sWiM iN a PoNd. ThAt DuCk'S nAmE wAs ToM wOlFe. He WroTe BoOkS aNd SwAm.! Michelle Obama: It's a 'sacrifice' to travel to Europe to pitch for the Olympics | Swam ... Wow....School was actually fun today:) Swam...Danced...Laughed...Talked...Awsomee:P well,ttyl /:)Nikki/:) swam 1000m freestyle on 10/01/2009 at 7:00 AM in 25' Lol swam tom bomb DAMN U BROUGHT IT BACK!!! I'm JEFF ELMER COULD B MATT HAHA heard about a surfer in Samoa who was on the ocean when the Tsunami struck- swam out, behind wave coming in! His decision saved his life. JUST found old pixs of my body when I swam in my 20s...and rec read Dara Torres book. Why did I stop swimming? Swam another mile today at feels fantastic. Might be able to sleep now too! Will be joining the Gym soon. it was a cold day. the water was warm. swam for 20 minutes. did 14 laps. man i am tired. Swimmed, swam, swum.. lol.. watching Are You Than a 5th Grader.. i must be on this show.. Naaaah The Apprentice is better.. Swimemd, swam, swum.. lol.. watching Are You Than a 5th Grader.. i must be on this show.. Naaaah The Apprentice is better.. swam this morning for the first time in a while. got my mat in the mail today - awesome quality. haha i think we swam with the same manatee. lol you were at xel-ha right? Fall Wx for a change-72 when I swam-got to a high of 82. Summer Wx expected to return by weekend. Tomorrow J has a c-cyst on back removed. i'm pretty sure i swam more than 1km if you count all the circling i had to do around all the people in the pool. was busy dulie and i swam one mile in an hour. last time it took us 2 hours! we're so good :) swam about a kilometre this evening... I once swam with Samoan Rugby Team. (Rugby 7s in Leeds) Made me feel petite, big plus, made pool tiny. no fainting 11pm, coming back from swimming-pool, swam 2000m, feeling good, kids are sleeping, this is "the sound of silence" at home..... Swam with dolphins... now you're making me jealous. In the wild? I went to Benidorm 25 years ago. Bet it's changed! Wow! At swim lesson today, my 5 yo swam without a floatie! So proud! :) yeah cycling in the water :) swam 40 lanes today! I did it!! I swam 50 laps (just over a mile and a half) in an hour and minutes! Loose shoulder ligaments?? I think not :D haha yes! and I've swam in his pool, and had a beer w/ Detective Tom Tudor! (of age and off duty of course!) swam mah out. now exhausted. gonna watch animal house and veg. longg day. didnt u miss the Atlantis hotel dubai? and the dolphins u swam with =$ Swam among bunches of baby jellyfish today,,,,they were everywhere...didnt get stung once though,,,, -Hannah went to the Y and swam! swum. whatever. ... I just realized that I never gave you the PP from the SS. It's a $3 coupon to my store at SWAM - do you want it? :) swim was good! fighting for lanes again but in the end i still swam 1km Back from the gym. Henry had fitness and swam, and I walk/jogged on the treadmill. Very sore now. Ouch! yeah but they split into sections and we swam across it. Was impressed with it though. She swam toward beauty, fame, and Ice T., and I swam toward carbs, but here we are, united by Twitter. swam at bergen today
This key is useless now. Discard? [Y]es [N]o Demon of the Forgotton: (BB), when [...] onto battlefield, discard your hand, put that many 1/ 1 counters on [...] Well, exactly - sure fire way of winning lottery -choose 6 numbers, which won't win, so discard-repeat until last 6 combinations! i listen... then discard your comments :) Discard that twitter please and Thankyou *discard tweet without sending* you're a mess! they take into account and discard environmental factors but ignore the environmental factor of having a twin in studies. Discard this copy/paste error: "Could it be that former/present Mossad officers consider the German BND ...? Yes & no" non-packaged items are possible sources of food tampering and parents are encouraged to discard them by police and ER's. You 'discard' a draft. discard the tunraya phone and get with new age sturvz I've made it a point to not tolerate and to discard idiotic, immature losers from my life. What a mind-numbingly useless waste of time. I've hit "discard" quite a few times today. My story below begs a question. If the NHS can discard 8 pairs of crutches, which are not cheap, how much more of our money do they waste? It's pumpkin season! Don't discard the seeds on the inside. Instead roast them and enjoy their nutritional benefits! How To Choose a Good Technical Book? Discard all that contain Cookbook, Hacks, Tips, Learn X in 24 hours Why am I apologizing lol? Discard tweet without sending. The things people discard tell more about them than the things they keep. Hilda Lawrence Watch in horror as I discard myth and legend in favor of fact and reason! Waahahaha! I downloaded it. If it really does the job, I will be happy with it and finally discard all other solutions. I hope... Discard an axiom "Discard tweet without sending." - It's wireless. So if it were an apple keyboard I'd have had to discard it 3.5 years ago with dead unserviceable batteries. :) discard that diddnt see a and b lol Burn Cards - Undealt cards put in the discard tray after the dealer has shuffled & cut the deck Uh, thanks. I actually managed to discard mood messages, but the setting in the Advanced tab looks way cleaner ;) - aaaaah ATTENTION EVERYBODY!!!! I WAS LIKE 14 PLEASE DISCARD THIS OUT YO HEAD!! Both words would be interpreted easily. GMail uses the word "Discard" for its drafts in English. In GMail you "Discard" drafts. "Discard" would be better - used by gmail and other mail clients Before you discard a piece of furniture, ask yourself whether it could be painted, covered or used in a different way. AMPID SAN MATEO, RIZAL IS IN NEED FOR GARBAGE TRUCK, IN ORDER FOR THEM TO DISCARD ALL THEIR GARBAGE.. PLEASE ACKNOWLEDGE.. but you have to discard since braids puts them into play The visual aesthetics that frame and define content are much more than simply a "skin" that we can apply or discard without consequence. try not to post toooo much, might discard your entries ;) One of the perks is you can scan, discard what has no value to YOU & then spend time with what does. OMG, IT'S THAT SIMPLE???111!?!1?!?? I will never understand why netizens decided to discard our beautiful English language. Not as I see it. That's a logn discussion to take but Sheldon is too logical and not passional. He thinks logically and can discard Recall Children's Tylenol is being recalled due to bacteria on the pills that can make children sick! Please discard them! Pass it on Libraries - when to discard hard copy after digitization So looking at the German election, I'm wondering how long before the Dems discard the EU worship and the Reps pick it up. [PATCH] Fix up discard-const warnings in s4 and tries to remove "discard_const_p"s/"CONST DISCARD"s in both s3 and s4 ...
Prosperity...u will see it coming into ur life when u are unattached to needing it. Wayne Dyer i'm learning how to be unattached to anything. and when i say anything i mean EVERYONE. and when i say everyone i mean men. wondering after spending another being unattached will i meet mr right & be married b4 i hit 40? Our school is trying to kick our track coach out. It's ridic. I will go to the meets unattached if thats going to be the case. I'm glad he found what the freak he looking for! I'm unattached.. no emotions. I am having verdical unreality issues. I feel as if I have become unattached to my brane and am cycling through various permutaions of me Never use the Washington Twp. Jiffy Lube EVER! 2 out of the last 3 times i have left with my CHECK ENGINE LIGHT ON! 2 unattached hoses!!! whoops - make that with the exclamation point unattached LOL In Wise Woman Tradition love is rough, real, truthful, unattached to outcome. It's passionate, compassionate. You say 'no' as often as 'yes' I broke my belt today. The buckle just came unattached. Fuck Perry Ellis and his crappy leather goods. oh yea. The bad guy in ironman gotcha...I'm off tonite I got off at 8 ths morning,so whts ur age and are u currently unattached? He gonna wake up one day wit his dick layin next to him unattached to his body-BITCH MODE Need to get unattached from Tracy,to much for me. ... Need to get unattached from Tracy,to much for me. ... yeah the bottom was unattached maybe from when i dropped it I'm gonna open it carefully to check if anything is unattached. Wish me luck. unattached, desolate,lonely and broken. god, i hate myself. and i have also convinced myself i am fucking ugly too. awesome. Hehe, yeah I can understand that. I've taken the route of unattached so I can focus on study, but who knows what life throws. True individuality is being unattached to others' criticisms. But only half of it is unattached! so my nail is tottaalllllyyyy unattached in the back by the cuticle (?) =) *Little laugh* in other words a girlfriend is a pain in the ass? Yeah, women are high maintenance, especially unattached ones! More here @ hour I could never get my phone unattached before I missed the call, so very glad never to attach again Cuz I'm emotionally unattached from my ex now though I wish that I could call && let him know how I'm feeling but I'm scared what he'll say. Updated my blog - Is purchasing an unattached building for home business a business expense? Its going 2B an exciting week! Was completely unattached from wide world web yesterday, well almost felt great! Ready 2 make things happen Only 1 more week of unattached!! We are almost officially a team it was pretty good!! no one believes that im unattached at the moment...all my cousins are convinvced im seeing someone! Until then I'm single=unattached; not married. Gotta opt out of this one... I'm unattached... NOW you're talkin'! I keep hoping some Tribble has an unattached brother near me! of course it's possible. let us hope you are unattached if you do! RR Men total 108/202, protour 75/112, pro conti 20/37, conti 9/40, unattached 4/13. RR Men total 108/202, protour 75/112, pro conti 20/37, conti 9/40, unattached 4/13. 10.7 ft off the ground, kneeling on unattached plywood, in the rain. Super sketchy platform building. Drop in ramp will be sweet though! feels wonderfully free and unattached!!!!!!!!! Team unattached cash money yo I desperately need a charity where women help unattached bachelors buy clothes. Easier when dates told me what to wear. I desperately need a charity where women help unattached bachelors buy clothes. It was so much easier when dates told me what to wear. Everyday is an unattached day!(: I have aleays been in relationships n4 the first time I am single, unattached and enjoying life the way it's meant to be "social network" not so social. more like inanimate, non-verbal, non-social, unattached, please don't share the crap you are thinking about Well now that That's figured out, it's time to go back to unattached relationships. Knows the world is ending because has a girlfriend...and I'm single/unattached/uninvolved! Wtf!?! I'm gonna get a whole new fone soon. I'm tryna get unattached to this one first!
New Video Cougar Town S1E2: Despite Ellie's advice, Jules decides to try to keep up with the .. Mad world by Gary Jules hypnotizes me! I love that song its sooo haunting. Rummy tournament.. So far Ricky, Jules, Joshy, and I are the only ones left!! ignore him jules dia itu ngidam makanan every minute of his waking moment! to ponder over: "Reality provides us with facts so romantic that imagination itself could add nothing to them." ~Jules Verne I am so glad, Jules. Thank you so much for reading. hey jules whats up? Ur kids arent going to be reading tweets right? DM me from now on. Ok? waiting for jules to finish tafe ... you already know Jules, I'm a hustler that should be new hustlers anthem. Cougar Town - 1x2: New Episode of Cougar Town Season 1 Episode Despite Ellie's advice, Jules decides to try to .. You think Jules and Grayson are the OTP? jules thanks babe! I wish everyone can help out.. *hugs* BTW getting my own radio segment with Jules. No idea what to call it. Only idea was the Jyzz Hour....and that seemed just plain wrong Jules!! When do you need the mix by babe ? hey jules--devon sawa actually still acts! not in anything i've heard of, but still working. imdb him Cougar Town, "Into the Great Wide Open": Jules relives her 20s Hmmm...I wonder how long it'll be before Jules & Grayson bone? lol Just finished watching ANTM. Jealous Jules? "Water will be the coal of the future!" Jules Verne, Mysterious Island, 1874 LOVED the Mysterious Island movie as a kid! Found the book which I had somehow forgotten was by Jules Verne. Writing is the best way to talk without being interrupted. -Jules Renard Listen to - Jules i am going to name my purse Jules. After character. I love the picture montage of Jules from her night out! Today off AWESOME and now has spiraled into controlled chaos...thank God for Jules who keeps me from jumping off the balcony! Writing is the best way to talk without being interrupted. -Jules Renard Watchin IBZ uncovered laughin at old footage of judge jules with a boothful of fanboys getting in his way! He was screwin! Jokes! watching some old DWTS tour footage and loving when jules danced to footloose! :)made my day right there haha making chicken fajitas for the fam. my eyes didn't burn when cutting the onions. *thinking of jules* awww jules! *hugs forever* "Writing is an occupation in which you have to keep proving your talent to those who have none." - Jules Renard Jules! Im going to miss you :( I wish we could have chilled more when you still liver there :( As I grow to understand life less and less,I learn to love it more and more.----Jules Renard Its only been a week, but I really think Apollo is ready for adoptions. Yay! Jules, on the other hand, needs to get her ringworm clear ... Aw boo :( But im going to NY next year! So excited :DDD gotta tell jules when the time is closer. What month are u going there? what's gotten into u jules?? Jules you are not going to give that to she has problems to begin with, don't think she would be safe Going for drinks with Jules and Ilana :) how have you been ? tell homie jules i said what up1?!? Hi all! Jules Jordan - Big Boob All Stars (2009) just got published: (by MegFullPorn voted 4 u! i hope u win that would bcool if Jules could b ur Will do in a few Jules. Jamal has cuffed Jules. Lmao. I called & she said her & jamal goin apt soppin Saturday...then she works. Lol. hang in there gorgeous n get some rest I'd help jules take care of u if u weren't all the way in vegas ;) Going to dinner and I am going to watch my friend Jules eat. This should be interesting.
Trus what should I do mot ??? Help .. :( Hah? Mksdnya tin? I just found that somebody use my photo ! ... Bolleks. Guess who forgot their bikes mot was due end of last month, and guess who cant take advantage of lovely weather today? :(
a pink carnation and a pick-up truck ha ha ha ha ha - he was playing football u nutter, he's no egg chaser! see u tomorrow dudette. I'll have a red carnation on xxxx LOL Guess what I used for my white gravy? Carnation milk. LOL! Would love to, will meet you at to swop identities. I will be the one with the false moustache and red carnation like me? well then you eat a lot of like turkey and gravy, mashed potatoes type stuff. that and Carnation instant breakfast. chillin going to da carnation at 5:30 ... Check out my Carnation recipe on my blog. It's AWESOME! I keep stock of Carnation milk! Love it! Just used it in mac & cheese. Yummy! I keep stock of Carnation milk in my house. Love it! Just used it in mac & cheese. Yummy! Found out about the Carnation Milk. You could use it like regular milk (FYI -Did U know cans are lined w/BPA??) excellent - I'll wear a red carnation. Maybe some trousers also if the old bill are about. I use Carnation Milk in my grandmother's sweet potato pie recipe. Everyone loves it. Found out about the Carnation Milk. Had no idea that you could use it like regular milk. I run out of milk all the time. has cappuccinos again! (at Alliance WM and Carnation Mall locations) this brings much happiness to me! no you have ruined the surprise. Guess I don't have to worry about looking for the red carnation. 09406682770 apt for rent in Sobha Carnation (Outer Ring Road) INR15000 3bd: Availability : Now Rent : Rs.1500.. MyBengaluru.Net New Listing 3.0BR/3.0BA 11485 Silk Carnation Wy # F FL 33411 $159900 Soft Carnation Invitation: Customize this invitation for your event. Change the color,font,and note that fits y.. NOW PLAYING ON FREDNETRADIO: Robbins - A White Coat (And A Pink Carnation). Greatest Musi.. Oh god! Carnation, Lily, Lily, Rose!!! I LOVE that painting. Have print of it at home. Love Sargent! Hooray for lovely old Carnation practice is looking interesting hope it's pulled together by tomorrow, now what to do with the decorations 13th, 7 pm @ The Green Carnation: Ezra Axelrod CD and celebration of my signing with... Loves it bob would be so proud of me..drinkin my carnation instant breakfast. $900 spent on carnation decor and it's been destroyed over again every time we rebuild it for the past 2 weeks. Carnation 2morrow...omg! Looking for Al Davidson - last seen at Carnation Foods approx 1976. If you know him please ask him to e-mail bunty@whalemail.co.za. Thanks! fresh out the gym.. I have to drink carnation instant breakfast no real food wit this tooth pulled... So what's the twitter equivalent to a red carnation or 'carrying the times' looking forward to meeting you! Press Area - London Luxury Hotel, Geneva, Cape Town & Miami Hotels - Red Carnation Hotels (via motor vehicle collision 71x kam hwy red carnation pearl city
OH: "@nr99 just professed his love for me. In cucumber form." oh, and then i professed my love for a girl who is uninterested. Always intrigued when professed social media retweet their own tweets. Am I missing something? to be fair, i don't know any dudes who has professed their love for the movie, ahaha. I am the self professed QUEEN of messy eating! Oh but sooooo creative...who knew seaweeed, corn and tuna could taste so good??!?!!? mmm ;p x I am he self professed QUEEN of messy eating! Oh but sooooo creative...who knew seaweeed, corn and tuna could taste so wonderful?!?!?! Mwah! A15. That said, I wish more self-professed "social media gurus" would watch it before trying to create magic formulas... My brother, the guy that is a professed horrible person, will not date a ninteen year old. weird There was a moment when I thought the blackness would the light that people professed was at the end of our tunnel. getting angry should never be an excuse to disrespect the person you professed to love... I'm in a class with a professed socialist who is ranting about the evils of capitalism-this is what is going on in college classes today! Sorry to all my normal followers. I just am sick of self professed "God Fearing" people preaching hate and death to those less For a self professed "non-morning" person, I sure come to work earlier and earlier these days... Both my grammar teacher and my History teacher professed their hatred of the word "awesome" ... so I will now be using "wicked bad-ass". Prof. Goh Rong Wei, self-professed of Singapore & culture, speaks about TCM in Singapore. Thank you for sharing that! I wish people wouldn't put bisexuals in a box. I have loved & professed commitment to both M&F. Can't believe it's been 8 years since we stood in front of Elvis and professed our love for each other! Remember that is a self-professed curmudgeon. He knows he annoys people and revels in the role Sandra Rose - Did Jay Z Kill Derrion Jay Z, a professed former crack dealer was on Oprah last week. Sn.. I thought Justice K always professed to being a bit of a luddite? Would love him on twitter though.... I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Pr.. says she is very itchy. Hopes to be better by the weekend for some wedding. No comment on her professed love. Sorry. more deathrow emails- Todd Willingham was executed for arson/murder on February 17, 2004. He professed his innocence from his arrest I have professed my love for you and still no response :( What do I have to do? Amazed how many self-professed soc media 'geeks' and 'nerds' are sales-wolfs in sheeps' clothing - you know who you are! Let someone make a call with my cell, some poor inspector who'd lost his phone in a backyard. He professed his love for me. Hee! Kiss is a love professed through lips. Nutty Couple Get Boot Too Soon: A self-professed nutty couple got voted off The Amazi... Politicians who professed the old liberalism of the in this harsher postwar era were considered too trusting and unrealistic, and if the catholic church is blind to all the faults that luther professed to see....then they innocent ! Self-Professed Dinosaur Tina Brown to Turn Beast Stories Into Books Amazing, self professed lightbulb and I bought the wrong bloody bulb for my bedroom. I blame IGA for the crap merchandising! I'll be at Flemington for work...if you have any decent tips for a self-professed mug punter, feel free to pass them on. Tweetie upgrade soon!! Yay!! ~self-professed app In my years as a TV producer, I have often professed my love for seeing things be and produced by machines in factories. Hahaha, I know :-) Hey, I never professed to be immune to brainwashing. Amused that my tool of an exboyfriend has professed his adoration of one of the nastiest crones of the Fashion Biz. Does that make him gay?
u closeted lesbos Well, before I came out and back when I was very closeted and belonged to the church-a-go-go I voted for Ronald Ray-gun. LOL Hello all. Im having a good day somewhat..... Not gonna let closeted fags ruin my day. - I didn't really know any gay people in high school - it seemed like they didn't exist. Probably made me stay closeted a bit. No! he's not closeted. I just think he's not content in his life at this point. Only a closeted perv would feel awkward about the word "jizz". Haha, nasty. Oh, and I am a sex goddess! Whoo! This closeted gay boy is wearing uggs. I'm a closeted germophobe!! Now my secret is out, and now my smells like Lysol!! that explains a lot...Bob Fox is a closeted folk singer! I still think Ty is a closeted Screaming Queen. I have a bad track record when it comes to boybands, I always end up crushing over the closeted gay guy. Pity Kris isn't in a boyband. None of the 3 open LGBT reps? Speakers anncd. //Where r closeted reps/sens? oh Watch us crack the nuts of closeted gay icons @ ! ATTN FOLLOWERS: Want to hang w/closeted gays yet advocate bigotry spread hate and fear? Our convention hashtagis (fix'd) ATTN FOLLOWERS: Want to hang w/closeted gays yet advocate bigotry spread hate and fear? Our convention hashtag is#rpm09 (fix'd) ATTN FOLLOWERS: Want to hang w/closeted gays yet advocate bigotry spread hate and fear? Our convention hashtag is#rpm09 (fix'd) (there were drugs involved so it wasn't consensual) closeted pedos would say there's consensual sex w/ a 13 yr old He'll definitely going to hell4 sevral reasons.. Horrible.. ;O A closeted gay terrorist? Kinda makes sense. @ ... Closeted homosexuals are still faggots despite their constant denials.Keep your sexuality private, it's ok.But don't deny something obvious, ;O A closeted gay terrorist? Kinda makes sense. Ahli Forensik RSCM: Nurdin M. Top Biasa Disodomi. ;O A closeted gay terrorist? Kinda makes sense. Ahli Forensik RSCM: Nurdin M. Top Biasa Disodomi. Oh furhideandbone, it's quite plain to see that you're full of closeted animal-haters. I love crime shows. the 1st 10 minutes you already know who done it and you spend the rest of the time wondering whos the closeted homo lmao when it comes to obviously closeted gay men like it is just best 2 point & laff at them. right funny thing is, my ex is a (log cabin) repub & she's on fb, but she must be closeted. too frackin funny. i can't. It makes me happy. And wanting to dance. And makes me question whether or not i'm a closeted sex fiend. Ha. :) It's good. :@Queerjohn PA "Rod 2.0:Beta: Opening Arguments in the Murder Trial of Closeted Anti-Gay Minister" "Rod 2.0:Beta: Opening Arguments in the Murder Trial of Closeted Anti-Gay Minister" cue stampede of closeted Republicans to your crotch! You are no longer my closeted bestfriend She congratulated me! PUBLICLY! I feel accepted! So you're saying your a closeted gay. Got it. LOL nothing better than a spiderproof GF to face a closeted spider/7Why am I thinking of Doris Wolfe,now?^^ LOL nothing better than a spiderproof GF to face a closeted spider we're closeted right now, but coming out slowly. you'll see many changes here next spring. (i hope) I never realized how much of a Beyonce Stan I am. Im a closeted Stan..(Where My Ring At??) Comicbook Read that Archie is marrying Veronica? Confirming my lifelong suspicion that Archie is a closeted gay. comicbook did you read that archie is marrying veronica? confirming my lifelong suspicion that archie is a closeted gay. Of course his (closeted) sexuality and stalking are the motives behind the murder. But the atty did concede the anti pastor is Opening Arguments in Murder Trial of Closeted Anti is still grooving to Lady Gaga - Paparazzi and getting in-tune with his closeted facades Opening Arguments in the Murder Trial of Closeted Anti-Gay Minister Opening Arguments in the Murder Trial of Closeted Anti-Gay Minister Opening Arguments in the Murder Trial of Closeted Anti-Gay Minister Sean I had no idea you were a Britney fan. Steve is a closeted Britney fan. My fav Twitargument yest-frothing Beck fan disappeared after calling me gay like it was an insult & I implied he was closeted&self hating lol I didnt even want to say the name! I have a hunch he was closeted, is it just me? Maybe because a lot of Indonesians are closeted porn aficionados. Supply meets demand! My days are becoming eventful in a bad way - either that or my existence is so closeted that simple everyday events qualify as events. Opening Arguments in Murder Trial of Closeted Anti
dont understand the grandness of Gossip Girl...However Lie to Me and House are quite interesting....TiVo is brilliant no more missin shows! damn grandness is what they are.....mmmmm Where is this grandness? lol he does tho..but despite the grandness of prince I'm still sleepin alone 2night <---suxx ass so bad lol he does tho..but despite the grandness of prince I'm still sleepin alone 2night Then dont preach about the grandness of it. Just be, this book is really good, you should give it a read. Old Navy, I will not fall for your trickery today. Your 50% off sign in all of its grandness will not sway me. Well, maybe a quick look. is like man i sooo love mii babii! babii yuhh are the freakin best! i knw yuhh feel the same! lol! night tweets! mwah
Because shes leaving to go to the at that time. :( five to six Oh and were not allowed to forget the candy. Noon did you not get my text? My phone pretty much doesn't work anymore. I'm lucky if 1 message goes thru a day :( Waiting on the pizza guy; what happened to mins or less? This dude told me 45 mins :( why did i get up at five this morning? :( I thought it was supposed to be fall now. Why am I sweating after being outside for like seconds? :( nine point seven degrees, who is there to save me? :( im am dying... Hello USF's nursing program, could you ease up and allow me to talk to my boyfriend for Please? B no answer :(
Is a gassy fuck tonight =) oh wow that sounds horrid rofl I'm gassy and in a minivan with a stranger. Awkward. says Charlie is being clingy and gassy tonight. omg the gas! Then don't use masses of crass, gassy, ass-kicking, sassy, assassin lasses. At work, I smell poop at the same time every day. I think a have a gassy coworker. Almost done with 28 Christmas bibs for Baby Gassy Gooma(!), will post some pictures soon...Yes, I did say Christmas!!! Protein drinks make us gassy is very gassy It's not every day you see a Newf climb an apple tree. Four apples later, he's gonna be SO gassy. Meaning you'll be extra gassy? The face of coal is red (or Massey seems gassy) about US action on climate change: It will be a gassy night at our house......MAKING SOME BEANS, W/ HAM! i hope is gassy from her corn nuts im imaginaning myself tasting her right now:)) I ate way too much last night and went to bed all gassy and dutch-ovened myself all night long I'm glad I'm in the office alone... cuz boy oh boy am I gassy! muah hahahahahaa depends on the context in which its used. = bad. gassy = still bad. ok i guess i cant stand either Gassy yaw Must be the beans! yes it does I am sooooo gassy ha.....im waiting it out to stand up to get the full effect....the great life of a jailbird Just stood up for the first time in 2 hours...I wonder how is doing in jailcell nextdoor.does suspesion make him gassy like me? "if I was still dreaming I wouldn't be this gassy." -@oish1 Why do I keep eating chipotle when it makes me gassy Feeling gassy, swollen or just plain gross? ... 10 Ways to Better Digestion ... The vet says hes ok, just a little gassy! Now its naptime for both of us. Im fucking exhausted. such a gassy day. on After a week of fussy, gassy baby, I took Eli to my Chiropractor, in 5 mins problem solved! r ... I tried, and didn't explode. I got really gassy and none of my friends would hang out with me. LOL I'm gassy this morning. Teehee. havent had breakfast yet but i found some gum to chew not good because later im ganna be so gassy oh well Everything happens for a reason! Maybe that flight had a really stinky gassy man or a screaming baby! There is something BAD in my house, we don't even have a simple water bottle but so many sodas and gassy drinks! -_- Is rather gassy tonight. Worried about putting myself down like one does an old sick dog... I love her gassy smile! She's gonna have such a cute smile. Morning, feeling better, off to work, off the irn bru, too gassy, got a fruit shoot instead! Daniel x More at residence Boston terriers are gassy little critters! lol My feet Im tired and Im gassy....the pregnant lady is back lol!! UGH I AM TOO GASSY TO LIVE /tmi Gassy tummyache at 38 1/2 weeks not so fun. And makes hubby nervous. what?!?! ash is gassy?? u need to say excuse me wit ur gassy ass snuffy gassy everyday YO! Gassy again (via lol wow wut a ladie Gassy again so gassy lately, what the heck? So glad I can't smell but I feel bad for everyone else who has to dl with my gassy-ness. Great saxophone busker performing near Gassy Jack right now. Jazz classics and Benny Hill theme ftw! Gassy feelings? DEATH! My advice? Don't hang out in the same room as a gassy dog! - Spoken as an owner of a gassy 80-lb bl.. My advice? Don't hang out in the same room as a gassy dog! - Spoken as an owner of a gassy 80-lb black lab. Yea u r lmaoo TMI but am i the only 1 gets the only gassy stmch after (hrs later or the next day) sex? lol seriously though
Or Garlic Aioli! sweet potato fries is not for ketchup you use Honey Mustard. I always get baby greens, grilled onions, pineapple, mushrooms w/ aioli Making sweetpotato fries with a home made aioli. also some chicken breasts and salad. very tatsy and good for you. Made a dinner of broiled flank steak with garlic aioli. Cooking is fun, and delicious! lolzerbeams New Ling Cod! With an heirloom tomato beurre blanc & capers-drizzled with a smoked paprika aioli, it is becoming a quick favorite Beef with sriracha aioli and fried caper berries. made potato salad with homemade aioli for lunch Recipe Delite Update: Garlic Bread Recipe - Aioli Garlic Bread *drool* New twist on our House Smoked Turkey Sandwich: Gruyere Cheese, Watercress, Grilled Onions & Lemon-Thyme Aioli... New twist on our House Smoked Turkey Sandwich: Gruyere Cheese, Watercress, Grilled Onions & Lemon-Thyme Aioli. Happy fall, bacon friends! last night, the kitchen made us toast w/ mash potatoes, cheese, and aioli sauce. it was bomb. I think I might have to pay a visit today. Loch Salmon Sandy w/ Garlic Aioli, Cucumber, Roasted Golden Beets, Arugula Loch Salmon Sandy w/ Garlic Aioli, Cucumber, Roasted Golden Beets, Arugula $9 What I'm craving now: the Lobby's loaded potato soup with bacon, cheddar, & roasted garlic aioli! Sounds yum! Basil aioli turkey burger at Tall Tales in Gander Mtn Really good but too expensive. Aioli is same as your mayo lime juice or lemon garlic (not crushed) Young red Catalan wine - Fr or Sp. OR Dry Riesling Daily Burger Special: 5-Alarm Burger- Hand-Pattied Arkansas Beef, Pepperjack Cheese, Lettuce and Tomato topped with Spicy Aioli on Brioche Riverfront Feature- Chicken Sandwich on tomato focaccia with greens, tomatoes, boursin, and sun-dried tomato aioli for $9.99 w/beverage The Harvest Moon is back - this is seriously my favorite veg panini of the year! Grilled sweet potato, smoked mozz, cilantro aioli, arugula! Mmm. Love aioli. What do the Catalans drink with the pork & aioli? Menu item of the day: Braised lamb with pickled green cherry tomatoes, aioli and lettuce on a warm house made bun Lunch-BLT SANDWICH-crispy bacon, roma tomato, romaine lettuce on toasted turkish bread, aioli & p.s chunky fries SRF Kobe Steak Sandwich, grilled w/red peppers onions on grilled baguette w/roasted garlic aioli 2day SRF Kobe Steak Sandwich, grilled w/red peppers, onions, on grilled baguette w/roasted garlic aioli @ BERRYHILL's 2day Amazingly simple dinner: ocean trout with horseradish cream aioli, herb salad and poached egg. I'm making hamburgers from scratch tonight, on Turkish bread with garlic aioli and caramelised onions :D I loved Contigo, too! Did you get the stuffed piquillo peppers? The pappas w/aioli? The octopus salad? I cld go on & on! Pampa's fried w/ chipolte aioli are amazing. Cooler waters R perfect for P.E.I. Mussels cooked simply w/white wine lovage. Grilled ciabatta w/caper aioli soak up the broth@allium in GB. 21st Amendment Brewery- Monterey Bay Calamari fried crisp with shaved fennel, fresh herbs, roasted garlic aioli. we had one of our most favorite dinners tonight. seared tuna with wasabi aioli. can be found on the blog here: Gr8 meal 2nite at Black Horse in Adamstown-carmelized onion & toasted goat cheese over crostini, Spiced tuna w/garlic/lime aioli, yum At Forge's, I had the Colchester oysters for and Grilled swordfish with wilted spinach and aioli, for main. The food was fabulous! made aioli for some ahi club sandwiches we're whipping together for dinner. Crispy calamari w/ fried fennel, green beans and smoked paprika aioli.. Tonight make Grilled Steak Strips with Vinegar Malt Aioli, then it makes for a great Tex-Mex Steak Salad for lunch tomorrow! Garlic fries and their own fry sauce, but more like aioli Nothing beats fresh, homemade roasted garlic aioli. "That's what i'm talking about, Willis" Nothing beats fresh, homemade roasted garlic aioli. Roasted/grilled porkwith aioli is a trad Catalan / Roussillon combo - even Jamie does it Gorging on aioli as per the fabulous Leon recipe veritable domestic goddess! Gorging on aioli as per the fabulous Leon recipe Aioli was bland so added vinegar. Too impatient to reduce it so aioli got too sweet. :-( So added lots of Tabasco & now we can't eat enough! Stop in and try our Duck Fat Frites with truffle aioli, sea salt and parsley... they are to die for! 440 west randolph (cross street canal) They are crunchy and taste good with ketchup. Although I like a nice aioli. Thursday tasting includes their crab cake appetizer. Accent w/ sweet thai sauce, sambai chili aioli and mango salsa. Mmmm! could pop some garlic in, go the way of aioli maybe?>yes, saffron too. hmm nutty,yes it is a little bit, could pop some garlic in, go the way of aioli maybe?
Your a Pirate?.....Or!.....Your Aggravated? am ii so aggravated with every nigga i tlk to??..oh i kno cause dey dnt fit mii standards idag var bra... >.> men jag ar.... aggravated? whats swedish for aggravated? anyone? Sapphic? Oh, you mean Takada. Yes, she does tend to be aggravated. ahah she has a man. um not so long, & shes old enuff 2 know better. am i just tripping or is that weird of me to be aggravated? the tollway makes my head why do I pay to be aggravated!?! Filed under: iPhoneFile this one under AYFKMWTS (are you freaking kidding me with this stuff?): a Gizmodo reader, aggravated with an una.. ...wow, really? Aggravated. no I'm not.. I'm sick and aggravated and annoyed.. but how are you? im highly aggravated cuz i wanna get things done but i cant cuz the producer is sleep! ha! wtf ..never heard of sleepin and grindin.. huh? I'm up, but aggravated!!! Tryna stay positive wth r they doin man????? Why do you feel aggravated?? I'm very aggravated with them. This is just 1 hassle after another. Who delivers broken furniture... seriously who? Jordans, thats who :( Hey Mr. Aggravated how u doin?....saw ur stripper tweets, did a stripper make u mad today? why u aggravated homie??? I got ur back... That's dope u getting ur career together get em!!! :) fiesty ? ; thats aggravated assault in 27 states ~_~ Question is if I *SMACK* via Twitter is it still aggravated assault? Adept and Aggravated? Aggravated!!! (Not ova frankie.....lol, just aggravated period) good nite. <- hope you ok ? Aggravated highly - i need another brownie - I craved those today . Smh ! When do I ever ? Feeing very aggravated about tiny insignificant stuff today, dunno why. Is the moon full? I think I'm really aggravated right now. What the hell, a man rapes a 13 year old girl and then flees the country and HE'S the VICTIM? WTF? Why must I be aggravated?! home alone pretty aggravated , modeling went qood today , showering phone bed ? sounds qood -_- No i'm really not...I'm just aggravated she's bad as hell! Matter fact wanna puppy sit? Lol Could it have something to do with my browser? I am using Firefox.I tried with IE too still nada..I am aggravated..can you tell? Bryer pleaded not guilty Monday to 17 charges including aggravated sexual assault on two boys who were his students Okay now I'm getting really aggravated. Anyone ever had a day where you're just really pissy?? Like, all day? Everything is getting to me. aggravated all day i encountered ignorant arrogant nasty and mean imbeciles what is the world coming to????? lmao. damn when it to get like that. I go crazzy., and aggravated. Why dont you cook something? argh, I am soo aggravated hun. You alright? :) felony counts of aggravated battery on Friday following the beating of a 17-year-old on a school bus mannn iM aite. Jus aggravated Prolly finna go get somethin to eat.. u peeped ma baqground? i <3 those pics! And since when is the first weekend in October not the first Saturday and Sunday which are in October? So aggravated right now. Aggravated with all the twitterring from a 22 year old game? How bout this? Bill Goldberg just made a tackle for UGA!!! You're welcome. A lil aggravated now. But hey, I am a happy person. lol. Wanna go home and watch Finding Nemo with me? I should've just gotten an aggravated DWI so I shouldn't have to deal with this Lameee shit. Boo on me right? shyt at skool bored nd aggravated lol...u at work? bored. texting. aggravated. ah whats the diffrence between mitosis and meiosis? can't wait after school. get@me. <3 Why is it you can fat-finger a memo and it's entirely forgivable but you fat-finger a woman and suddenly it's aggravated sexual assault? WELL NOW IM RATHER AGGRAVATED!!! SCHOOL SHMOOL IS THE PITS!!! HOW ABT YOU?!? curling my hair because im bored, and very aggravated. why? 1.@rainsz. 2.YOUR IMMATURITY 3.my sickness & 4.homework. really really aggravated. does anything i do ever please you? ever reach your standards or likings? if & when they do, let me know.. ughh am so aggravated i feel myslf tearing up... <~~~~ BCBG!! you feel better now? Did Jewish Federation suspect believe he was a 'jihadi'?: As the aggravated murder trial of accused Greater Sea.. I'm aggravated. I can't be PMS'n already?! ... Aggravated, alive... who can tell the difference? Are there classes of crimes that require life,no parole - Rape? Aggravated rape? Gang rape? Sex offences? Sex assault? How is it possible for another network not only to knock me off mine but to knock my modem off as well? Every. Single. Time.
75 business chic dresses - business chic dress | ZestyPink ...: MANGO ~DRESS CTD CARAMEL ~$54.90. Connected App.. craving ...for ...mango tapioca and zagu and Leona's and CNT!!!!!!! waaaaaaaaaaa now na! Vanilla Ricecream and fresh sliced mango...amazing. making a custom..mango? Interesting! Gonna drink some strawberry mango juice, eat some icecream, and attempt to sleep on the couch in my room without crying. omg chevy's here we come. really wanting that mango salsa just now, yo. i made a fruit salad for last night for me and the gf, it was rockmelon, mango, watermelon and honey melon...nom nom nom!! [Beauty]Massage your face with home made fruit pack, it is simply easy. Just take any fruit like papaya, banana, watermillon or mango add f iTunes audiobooks top 100: "La Casa en Mango Street [The House On Mango Street] (Unabridged) - Sandra... You get the doritos and I'll provide the mango salsa! Mood: Super ignorant/ Music: Zee Avi / Food: TomYam Gung/ Fruit: Indian Mango! Go get it from Princess Jessy! Oh Mango Infusion Tea, how I love thee... my incessant sore throat says ::cough::thanks::cough:: boys, just to let you know, the secret to my is red mango. - Ping pong tournament at Mango Rosa I want red mango. :| :| - Mango Mango nailpolish - great color, goes well with everything, looks classy & not overly overly. i just remembered the day when he fell asleep listening to my mango story... LMAO Exotic Fragrance - COCO MANGO Visit: Teaching at MANGO tonight:) ah - Mango chutney - can make a boring sandwich for lunch very pleasant indeed . . Got great recipes for green smoothies (contain fruit and vegetables). Had mango, banana & lettuce 2day & it was great!! mango is oh yeahh 8) Recipe Delite Update: How to make a homemade fresh Mango Lassi, Watch it here! wha are u havin this evening? I got pineapple mango wit some gin i love mango. trying to change the subject away from work haha - send me something with mango! That simply lemonade w/ rasberry is the bizness. made mango rum, simply rasberry & ginger ale last night and it was great i'am dreaming of those wardrobe: cute zara flatshoes and some earrings from mango. COOL!! regret it*bunk* sitting at my desk bangin the hell out of some Haagen-Dazs Mango Sorbet. This goes hard. LOL. My new fav drink,,, grey goose and mango juice,,,yum (sounds good but u should try it with a rum!) Baked rigatoni al vodka with honey mango curry chicken => fantastic. Food for Thought: Mango-Pomegranate Salmon Mango chicken consumed. Perm products procured. Time to relax. Just had some delicious mango margaritas it means u reallll fareal mango I need a massage. My shoulders are driving me insane. On the upside, I now have apple mango juice. And it is good. I JUST MADE THE BESSSTTTT MANGO SMOOTHIE :D haven't tried dried mango, but have been munching on dried papaya from the Amish Market all week At Los Dos Molinos with Alicia... Check out our pitcher of mango margarita! Must get some dried mango this weekend. Dried mango dipped in raw choc. sauce is SO calling my name right now! :) I want red mango. :| :| THANK GOD. THANK YOU MALUNGGAY.THANK YOU MANGO. THANK YOU BLENDER...HOORRAY Ight I'm on that mucho mango..have you mixed liq wit it yet@qLgutta ?? when he says. Tu maldita mata e mango Hmm my mom always seems to have mango stuff. No wonder why i love them. Romaine salad with raspberries, tomato basil soup, fresh mango pieces for love the Teeter eating dried mango, man i ate alot today. a literal BUM on the couch kind of day. dear boobs, grow. watching COUGAR TOWN Enjoying a fresh mango juice at the Cusco market in Peru Things I NEED right now: hot vampire, a pitcher of Pink Taco Mango margaritas, & some Baja Fresh.
> brazzers in alaska Anchorage Juneau Fairbanks College Sitka Wasilla Kenai Ketchikan Palmer pailin chicas > ponr in St Paul Minnesota Anchorage Newark Buffalo Plano Henderson Lincoln Wayne Glendale Greensboro Chandler ... Home Improvement Company Anchorage (907) 727-3872 Jack's Painting & Drywall: > videos in St Paul Minnesota Anchorage Newark Buffalo Plano Henderson Lincoln Wayne Glendale Greensboro Chandl ... Oh yeah. If only all of Anchorage were like this: Great turnout at Hotel Workers Rising protest of unionbusting Hilton Anchorage. Lotsa pics I'll upload late tonight or tomorrow. Go union! South 3, Dimond 1 - Anchorage Daily News - Anchorage AK Downtown Anchorage. at the moment we are here at cabinda anchorage, Angola. waiting for for good weather so that we can alongside at malongo dock. Anchorage Jobs Proposal Coordinator/Assistant to Executive Officer - University of Alaska - Ancho.. Time to get ready for long winter nap - Anchorage Daily News Zune HD Tracking Update: Sep 30, 2009 8:57 PM EST / FedEx location / ANCHORAGE, AK !!!!! Just because Food Network is coming to Alaska doesn't mean they're going to Anchorage. :) gotta have a permit to panhandle in anchorage Alaska too. The History of Theatre in Anchorage, Alaska 1915-2005: From a Wilderness Tent to a Multimil... - by Catherine J. Stadem. > pov in Columbia Anchorage Juneau Fairbanks Little Rock Smith Fayetteville Anaheim peru ecuador Saturday Keynotes: Maver Carey: Kuskokwim Corporation Troy Nkrumah: Anchorage Urban League Saturday Workshops: ... The Anchorage Hilton is the only hotel in the entire state 2 be boycotted. Mayor Sullivan crossed the picket line 4 his [PSD] Gas could leave Anchorage in the dark - Alaska Dispatch No kidding, you'd think he grew up in Anchorage or something. Nope, he's just crazy. Picketers in front of downtown Anchorage Hilton.Any1 know what that's about?/Boycott, union busting hotel. Picketers in front of downtown Anchorage Hilton. Anyone know what that's about?/ Boycott, union busting hotel. Picketers in front of downtown Anchorage Hilton. Anyone know what that's about? Anchorage (AK) Daily News - Alaska: City unveils plan to reduce winter gas use . More - Made it to anchorage from nikolski. Trip not without controversy. Village elder was apparently unfamiliar with the "bro hug" Going to Anchorage, AK to visit my sister Oct. 22 - 27 and Chicago with and for NYE! Yay vacations :o) is it true you are in Anchorage this week??? Hey guys, we're curious to know what you think of the Anchorage cuisine scene. Let us know what you get into. Class ring makers join boycott against Pebble Mine: By MARY AP Writer ANCHORAGE, Alaska - The growing.. Newspaper readers in Anchorage picked that one. I just passed it along :) WAI is Anchorage Alaska!!! hasn't tweeted about Anchorage yet, but word is he's at Humpy's tonight? Wow! Free wifi at the Anchorage About to board Era flight 706 to Gairbanks. Glad to be back in Alaska. Sun is shining! I've been hearing rumors about Food Network peeps descending on Anchorage this week, but don't have anything concrete. Do you? I've been hearing rumors about Food Network peeps descending on Anchorage this week, but don't have anything concrete. Do you? are you in Anchorage?!? Lets team up and take on the Fat Andy's Pizza Challenge at the PepperMill!! It has never been beaten!! I've been hearing rumors about Food Network peeps descending on Anchorage this week, but don't have anything concrete. Do you? First we got TSA Threat Levels, then Volcano Level threat Levels, not Anchorage NG supply threat levels. First sighting of Forking Fantastic! in a bookstore: in Barnes & Noble...in Anchorage, Alaska! Heck let's just ask him Hey, are you in Anchorage? Where at? We'll come root you on! MVF! MVF! MVF! House on fire in S Anchorage. Thick smoke in the Birch Rd/Huffman area-Move out of the way of emergency vehicles;expect delays! Chris Snyder has a show coming up on 10/02/2009 at 08:00 PM @ Rumrunners Bar... in Anchorage, AK > greluda in St Paul Minnesota Anchorage Newark Buffalo Plano Henderson Lincoln Wayne Glendale Greensboro Chand ...
Mystery phrase is -ARKET ECONOMY. Clue: industrialism. Mystery phrase is -ARKET ECONOM-. Clue: industrialism. Mystery phrase is --RKET ECO-OM-. Clue: industrialism. Mystery phrase is --R-ET EC--OM-. Clue: industrialism. Mystery phrase is --R--T -C--O--. Clue: industrialism. Ok, blessing for the hole world... Good luck! Ozone layer weakness and Global Warming will keep us concious about Global Industrialism Gritty industrialism ~ very nice! Luv the tone! Gritty industrialism ~ the master of stitch! Gritty industrialism Symbolized conformity, resistance and eventually succumbing. Industrialism wins. Post: High industrialism: pig in everything. Blog: Post-industrialism? More like anarcho-primitivism! almost cut my pinkie off. a bounty paper towel is holding it together. thank american industrialism for quilted 2-ply. genius.
So tired of drawing Laocoon.
Heritage dominates Hill in boys soccer: In a Saginaw Valley League battle on Wednesday night, the Now in Saginaw Texas! Saginaw Valley League Jamboree No. 2 - Girls Golf Trout Fishing: Dnr: Salmon Moving Into Rivers; Run Later Than '08 - The Saginaw News - Skydive2009 is active in Saginaw! Saginaw They're filming the Red Dawn remake in Pontiac. Saginaw Street's become Chinese-occupied Washington. DNR: Salmon moving into rivers; Run later than '08 - The Saginaw News - DNR: Salmon moving into rive.. EPA reviews Univ. of Michigan dioxin study; finds limited application to Tittabawassee River and Saginaw River and ... Walleye Fishing: Dnr: Salmon Moving Into Rivers; Run Later Than '08 - The Saginaw News - Bur come to Saginaw and hangout. It's like a hour drive. DNR: Salmon moving into rivers; Run later than '08 - The Saginaw News - ohhh man, its in the saginaw plaza beside bennies. SOOOOOOO GOOD! get it one day. its life. i got it everyday for lunchsometimes EPA reviews Univ. of Michigan dioxin study; finds limited application to Tittabawassee River and Saginaw River .. Salmon Fishing: Dnr: Salmon Moving Into Rivers; Run Later Than '08 - The Saginaw News - Bass Fishing: Dnr: Salmon Moving Into Rivers; Run Later Than '08 - The Saginaw News - Men's Soccer - Lost 4-0 vs. Saginaw Valley State University DNR: Salmon moving into rivers; Run later than '08 - The Saginaw News - DNR: Salmon moving into rive.. Come TBC and cheer us to victory at the Rocktoberfest Battle of the Bands this Saturday at The Magic Bean in Saginaw! We play at 7pm Come TBC and cheer us to victory at the Rocktoberfest Battle of the Bands this Saturday at The Magic Been in Saginaw! We play at 7pm EPA reviews Univ. of Michigan dioxin study; finds limited application to Tittabawassee River and Saginaw River .. EPA reviews Univ. of Michigan dioxin study; finds limited application to Tittabawassee River and Saginaw river and Bay Breaking news: Lawsuit against Freeland schools dismissed by Saginaw judge: Freeland Community Schools Superint.. Perfect example - SVSU getting even greener: Saginaw Valley State University is getting even greener. Michigan Supplier Diversification program approves $2.9M for ... - Saginaw News: A pair of manufacturing compan.. Hydrometer troubles? BrewBalls promise homebrew perfection - Saginaw News: Making their debut at this year's Gr.. Off to saginaw again! Gotta get my school on. Kinobe & Soul Beat Africa this Friday 7pm @ The White Crow Conservatory of Music in Saginaw, 3736 Mackinaw. Rep for my city (snover) go hard or the hood (Saginaw) haha DTX expires Small Craft Advisory for Inner Saginaw Bay SW of Point Au Gres to Bay MI [LH] DTX continues Small Craft Advisory for Outer Saginaw Bay SW of Alabaster to Austin MI to Inner Sagina Judge arraigns Saginaw's Jordan Granderson in connection with shooting that injured infant: Jordan J. Granderso.. DTX continues Freeze Warning valid at Oct 01, 12:00 AM EDT for Bay, Midland, Saginaw [MI] till Oct 01, 8:0 This cares about having quality sales tools. We have affiliates in Saginaw Township South Michigan. click my website now !!! ONLINE | SAGINAW MICHIGAN CALL MY PHONE TO SET UP A APPOINMENT TO GET ...
gotta do math homework, find something to wear, talk on the phone with sara, im offf. ... I wear my shoes to death regardless of how expensive/rare/limited they are. do you ever pass out from the tight pants you have to wear? hahaha. Iya masalah gigi mulu dentist...haha. Tuh ank. Day, lets wear have a career fair........ to go to n dont know wat to wear via How can you expect performance to be better when you make people wear those awkward head-instruments? Visual field i ... ((He wants a girl to wear his boxers?)) *Holds up a pair of Cloud's boxers to her waist. They reach to her ankles* if you wear a doo rag PERIOD lol. No the BOTH of us are NOT going to bed with scarves on!! HAAA. PEOPLE AINT GONNA KNOW WHAT THE HELL TO WEAR BUT I LOVE THE IDEA dont think tyra should wear jumpsuits pasti lah babe..beside that i put some tape on my glasses 4 me to wear it :P feeling ok - sore and fatigued. I have an ace bandage wrap right now, but will need to wear compression stockings in a few days i would wear Minnetonka style boots and moccasins all winter if it i could actually convince myself its a good look...its SO NOT a good look The female pilots fly by, do they wear pink uniform and boots as well like their on the ground? AWESOME! Easiest clothing Ive ever copped! lol We all wear larges! hahaha FLANNEL THURSDAY along wit MOUNTAIN DEW THURSDAY!! wear a flannel and do the dew!! did lady gaga wear dat bird cage lookn dress 2 da vmas?? yeah, you should def come. idk what to wear yet, i just know i'mma be colorful. :) i wanna wear glittery eyelashes! I want a HOT PINK baseball tee; just something casual to wear this fall...plus; Pink looks good on me. l0l omg. i have a dress that says "i hate fashion" on the bottom, i should wear that tmrw. wear gloves. ActiveGo Bone Combo Dog HarnessPrice: $27.00ActiveGo Bone Combo Dog Harness. Easy to wear soft harness with... i dont wear my emotions on my sleeves like that put real talk i love all my close friends and fams and people who teach me things in life WHO DRIVE VOLVOS, WEAR BIRKENSTOCKS, AND DRINK 3BUCK CHUCK? Read at CBC BBC PBS NPR FOX ABC CBS NBC MSNBC) To dream of aquamarine signifies the making of new friends; to wear aquamarine earrings brings love and affection.... Wear sunscreen. If I could offer you only one tip for the future, sunscreen would be it!! yup, natanggap na ni irish. big amount! :) ill wear an ateneo yata :> Wear sunscreen. If I could offer you only one tip for the future, sunscreen would be it!! if u got panties like ur mother wear. if u wear the shit from Sisqo - "Thong Song". Don't forget 2morrow pls wear Batik. We Batik is Indonesia.. If u still sag or wear baggy ass pants in swag school, like real tlk, lol> what about them skinny Jean niggas? XXXX Angels fashion tip Make sure you wear as much Gold to the races as possible! what do i wear/do with my hair for picture day tomorrow? Wear sunscreen. If I could offer you only one tip for the future, sunscreen would be it!! hell yeah kimbo scary as hell looking he look like a damn rottwiler shit u know he never had wear a costume for halloween i have so many clothes no wher to wear them to. :[ i wana go out to eat wit lots ppl in downtown.thats so fun.but everyones to cool for that I admit, my love and affection for the DC character, Barbara Gordon stems originally from my weird fetish for girls who wear glasses... lets wear :) (via The weather is finally cool enough for me to wear my jackets and pullovers again. Huzzah! wait........ ppl shouldn't wear Valour period!!!! no you gotta wear the shoes. would you rather wear 10 layers of clothes are be naked? i wear a pair of classics my brother has a pair too. I'll post a photo when i get good pics ppl shouldnt wear skyblue valour fitz no more..... "Add Another Zero To That And I'll Wear A Tank-Top" do girls wear slutty clothes but when a nigga try 2 holla they get pissed...like, bitch that's false
Bauer to close Cologne gravure plant, 360 jobs. Follows move of UK titles to Polestar in recent weeks Yasui Seiki uCoater(TM) Micro Gravure(r) Coating Head Gravure printers blast 'lack of EU for consolidation... Gravure printers blast 'lack of EU for consolidation... MIDD469 - Sayaka Andou - Gravure Idol Gcup First AV Production Gcup she is against any kind of gravure idols and modeling. she will say the same thing if she is in tokyo motor show. New post: [Graphis] (First Gravure) (001) Rua Mochizuki New post: [Graphis] (First Gravure) (002) Kana Ohno New post: [Graphis] (First Gravure) (003) Akane Ono New post: [Graphis] (First Gravure) (004) Sumire New post: [Graphis] (First Gravure) (005) Yumi Aida onoes i'm trying to be an angmoh trying to be an otaku trying to be a gravure idol trying to be a model. New post: Nozomi Sasaki : Hotties Cute Japanese Gravure Idol Photo polymer gravure - the why's: You do know her background right? Canadian-Japanese ex-gravure idol turned porn star? News: Photo polymer gravure - the why's: The fusion of digital photography with .. News: Photo polymer gravure - the why's: This quote is one of many by.. News: Photo polymer gravure - the why's: I love photography and have been involv.. The latest post: Gravure Idol Trio Release First Music CD Gravure <b>idol</b> trio to release first CD - Tokyograph - Gravure <b>idol</b> trio to release first CD - Tokyograph - The Gravure <b>Idol</b> Girl Next Door From Japan | Celebrity Saga ! - The Gravure <b>Idol</b> Girl Next Door From Japan | Celebrity Saga ! - That new gravure idol group sounds bad, bad, bad. Gravure idol trio to release first CD 1pondo - Gravure Idol Collection Vol. 39 - Sae: Japanese Porn, uncensored, hot asian girl, cute young girl, all.. The Gravure Idol Girl - Hot Photo shoot I favorited a YouTube video -- DOAX2 Leifang - gravure video Gravure Idol Collection Vol.57 - Sakurako pinky girl - if miyabi is the queen of av industry. kana rules the gravure kingdom.
AMALGAM003 - PETER ft DEAD KAT / THROTTLER - Arythmia / Human.. Rogers throttler must be broken actually getting good torrent download speeds. The Real, one of my all time favs!
to cut down on plastic bags= garbage which probably caused the clogging of already antiquated sewage system.. Don't use an antiquated computer with outdated software that slows you down if you can afford something better. Transcription is one that's kind of antiquated! antiquated It's such an antiquated notion to ban books! I don't think libraries should bend to community pressure to ban books. Farmers Union has antiquated ideas of ONLY small farmers @ expense of consumers - another opponent w/severe bias. Prediction: Google Wave is only the first in the introduction of technologies that will render Facebook useless and antiquated. sitting on the antiquated shuttle at Dulles about to fly to Copenhagen sitting on the antiquated shuttle at Dulles about to fly to Copenhagen sitting on the antiquated shuttle at Dulles about to fly to Copenhagen Found two case logic 3.5" dual capacity disk holders with belt loops. 5.76mb total. sitting on the antiquated shuttle at Dulles about to fly to Copenhagen My friend, what are you doing with a landline? Do you have an old fax machine? Antiquated alarm system? ;-) current school schedule, based on kids needing 2 hlp family with crops. The model is antiquated. we need to keepup w/world that makes sense. let people eat to sober up. In general I just hate blue laws, they're old and antiquated current school schedule was based on kids needing to help family with crops. The model is antiquated. we need to keepup w/world Illustrator CS4's free tool seems so antiquated. No control whatsoever. Am I missing something? LP TA's just advocated double spacing after sentences. Really angry about this antiquated practice. The business models here are so antiquated and can't keep up with technology. I would kill for 30Mb/s and no caps. I've come to the conclusion that it's time to drop "William H" from my resume. Today having a given name seems antiquated & causes confusion It's quite shocking going from the sleek website to the website, very different. Seems antiquated in comparison. Ah, I just figured it out. Yes, it is a colloquialism (probably an antiquated one..but...*shrug*) Recent radio silence due to broken internet at home and antiquated phone that doesn't 'do' online stuff. (Jay, however, loves Chaucer. He is all, "Sweet, antiquated language and bawdiness!" but he's still learning how to write essays.) More here @ pipe Antiquated here - I use phone books. antiquated policies to keep expendable costs low, when employees were printing instead of emailing/twittering/etc is missing more inside now than he had ever expected, It's all gone. My feelings are now antiquated. Who new that "antiquated" would no longer refer to the elderly or 6 month old computers? Just watch FOX News! "Real fear you can believe in" agreed. lets just cut out a piece of Texas, make a new state and send all their antiquated asses there... it has to have been relevant at one point to be antiquated. Isn't the term "life coach" a bit antiquated? HP's SkyRoom makes videoconferencing easy (and cheap) | Blog: At the risk of sounding antiquated, i.. Rep Jim Moran, D-VA calls the Cuba travel ban antiquated. stay tuned for more thrilling reassessments of antiquated software Gerecht: The woes of the antiquated cellphone user - University of Pittsburgh The Pitt News.. I am not a fan of the BBC makes criminals out of too many people just because it won't run its so antiquated Cuba and the U.S. holding private talks. Yeah, so what?! That whole antiquated isolation is not doing anyone any good. Get over it! A selective quote. Political interference and antiquated costs brought the cost way up. The service itself is still groundbreaking Gordon Brown's speech ideas smell dusty and antiquated. It IS possible to achieve order & respect in UK without a nanny prison state. Gordon Brown's speech ideas smell dusty and antiquated. It IS possible to achieve order & respect in UK without a nanny prison s Godson Brown's speech ideas smell dusty and antiquated. It IS possible to achieve order & respect in UK without a nanny prison state. Gerecht: The woes of the antiquated cellphone user If education is always to be conceived along the same antiquated lines of a mere transmission..-M.Montessori Oh no! Is the term 'barber' not applicable in that context? Antiquated perhaps? D: I needed a word for hairdresser :) Just reinforces how antiquated that law is. How are we going to develop as a major wine producing nation with such needless protectionism? Many more listings, my dears! An antiquated spice jar set, mix and match mini sample vials, and foresty lip balm gift set! (thanks, Addie!)
doing more research on sewage sludge - named bio-solids by the gov to not scare us - pretty nasty stuff. NEW, super cute Dog bandanas added to my website. From Pink John Deere to classic solids. As soon as they can handle solids. As a single father I know. Lol. Teddy was a good friend about 8yrs ago. Lol Chipotle will give you a free small when you order a burrito (great for when your little guy on eating solids). It's not too bad! Did we get you some solids finally? my son keeps getting more and had them since none so far he is 8mo old and eating solids (he was tested at 6mo) Dont forget you cant eat solids...maybe you could eat solids if you didnt lose your teeth in 1864...be more careful next time lmao Luca is 14 lbs 5 oz and 25 1/2 in long!! Gets to eating solids in 2 weeks!!! Yay!!! Video: Constrained Wave Propagation in Linked Solids You're welcome. Black solids are looking good, and there's less shine to the ink/toner. All good. Zonal correction coming? Wed Sep 30 - We filled out a about solids and their me too. I had WIC and baby was on solids by the time I weaned so never faced it myself, thankfully. HOME MADE LIQUIDS & SOLIDS: On Site Smoker, the Midnight Toker, will b turnin' Beer Can Chicken, Pork Spare Ribs, Pork BBQ, Salmon & Turkey. removing suspended solids from a naphthalene solution using gravity filtration, you know the usual The boy's great gma today said (to him) "I bet you're so much happier now that you're on solids!!" I said not really and walked away. Grr! something that is Don't want to tug at your clothes. Solids look better than prints. New Classic Solids Purse Hook 3-pack bundle: Put one for every purse! From Autodesk: Solids to WMF in Hidden Line mode display all hidden linework Luxury Solids Collection on Therapy!: From today's Therapy. What are the types of solids: What are the types of solids What are crystalline solids: What are crystalline solids What are amorphous solids: What are amorphous solids What are the differences between crystalline solids and amorphous solids: What are the differences between crys.. dom had his first taste of solids last night, it was amazing to see the light in his eyes and the joy of having every single spoonful! "Not wanting to breastfeed" My son is 8 and a half months now. He solids at 6 months, and now loves to that's what I like to hear. I'm even more game now that I can eat solids again. Sooo soreeee in sooo many ways. Bleh I'm hungry but I can't eat any solids :( 9 months we delayed all solids until 7.5 ish months and went straight to finger foods, and waited till 9 mo for Wow! How long do u have to be on the diet?> Hopefully Not much Longer , Yearn to eat solids and congrats on being able to eat solids today!!!!! What's in non-dairy creamer? Main ingredient: corn syrup solids..... AutoCAD KB: Solids to WMF in Hidden Line mode display all hidden linework AutoCAD KB: Solids to WMF in Hidden Line mode display all hidden linework When I can Eat solids for sure, I would love that, you might not recognize me, I lost mad weight, LOL Are you a fan of Mod Green Pod's gorgeous organic fabrics? Guess what they come in bright solids now! Are you a fan of Mod Green Pod's gorgeous organic fabrics? Guess what they come in bright solids now! Just gave baby girl her first bit of solids. She screamed at me when i waited to see how she did. She wanted a 2nd bite Maya was up all night eating. her on solids yesterday, and must have fed her five meals overnight. but that's my girl. price is the same as solids I think my most prized possessions are my set of Platonic Solids, vial of mercury, and dissection kit. My son took up raspberry blowing at the same time as moving onto solids. It was very, very messy! Diffusion in Solids and Liquids IV (Defect and Diffusion Forum) - by A. Ochsner et al. - Trans Tech Pubn. WILL MISS MY NEPHEW next time i see him he's gonna be all grown up, like sitting and eating solids or something Diffusion in Solids and Liquids IV (Defect and Diffusion Forum) - by A. Ochsner et al. - Trans Tech Pubn. So like, I went fat-food shopping today since I cant eat solids after Friday Brill about tiles. Did G go off solids whilst ill? J used to do this. Very shocked about W and Pizza!!!! Is G imoproving now? I think with the baby-led solids it is best to just offer a variety and let them eat what they will at first. wow, I have over 70 ties. and yet only three of those are solids. funny.
Football - The Way I See It: A Sense of Belonging: Footnote: In 1888 the Football League ran alongside the riva.. Highland members and friends found in their attic this week an old card belonging to Elvis! Waiting for authentification... My newest philosophical treatise "On Belonging and the Nega-zen" debuts friday! loving the college students in our new growth group...praying God allows us to be a of them belonging & becoming skinny jeans only belonging to 70's & 80's rock stars? - the sexi hand belonging to i love his hands (cannot wait for that handhug) - the sexi hand belonging to i love his hands (cannot wait for that handhug) Girlfriends wear there boyfriends hats...so do I...thanks Tyler. Its probably my favorite belonging now. ... can easily be explained as belonging to your secretary. Last one -- 'Man not belonging to movie's target demographic from theater by hollywood officials' phillipians 2: 1-4 Is there any encouragement from belonging to Christ?Any from his love?Any fellowship tog ... Iknow what you mean, feel the same every time I go too...can't feel like belonging to that For those interested in belonging to the 9Rules Network, (I'm a member) a new round begins at midnight Love is ecstasy and agony, freedom and imprisonment, belonging and lonliness; it's what keeps us together when ... Love is ecstasy and agony, freedom and imprisonment, belonging and lonliness; it's what keeps us together when ... thanks..:) and yeah that picture of the perfect spine probably belonging to Jesus and Paisley;) In terms of Belonging (self-identification) 1 in 6 Americans is presently of No Religion - bit.ly/103Z7U | - Love it! Will never get over what He did for me, belonging to Him, and being with Him for eternity. Whoo hoo!! TSA how about telling we what you are doing with all my personal belonging? & get over you phobia of anything with wires for Pete's sake! went out of my way to return a headrest belonging to my car that we sold on saturday. i should be sainted or something. and I swear I shouldve been born in the 50's. Join the club of belonging to the wrong era. I love being an RA. But i especially love belonging to Jesus. "Anything or anyone that does not bring you alive is too small for you." (David Whyte, House of Belonging) via Plastic phone holder belonging to Sorry Steve, it's pretty dorky! - I want one. Plastic phone holder belonging to Sorry Steve, it's pretty dorky! Can't believe it's almost noon pst! Busy writing my thoughts on a manuscript belonging to the lovely Miss :) Have you ever felt good about not belonging somewhere before like me? Update Anaheim shooting: Amber issued 4 red Honda Civic belonging 2 father of missing boy, plate#4JPR120 Update Anaheim: Amber issued for red Honda Civic belonging to father of missing boy, plate # 4JPR120 Update Anaheim shooting: Amber issued for red Honda Civic belonging to father of missing boy, plate # 4JPR120 ... Update Anaheim shooting: Amber issued for red Honda Civic belonging to father of missing boy, plate # 4JPR120 ... I'm amazed at the amount of websites belonging to designers are bad! Great. My 'little' puppy has taken a fancy to Rambo - the massive Alsation/Doberman belonging to the neighbour!!! ! Anaheim shooting: Amber issued for red Honda Civic belonging to father of missing boy, plate # 4JPR120 Update Anaheim shooting: Amber issued for red Honda Civic belonging to father of missing boy, plate # 4JPR120 Anaheim shooting: Amber issued for red Honda Civic belonging to father of missing boy, plate # 4JPR120 I saw a fly pair of legs and chased them. Sadly the face belonging to them looked like Hellraiser minus the little bisections. Update Anaheim shooting: Amber issued for red Honda Civic belonging to father of missing boy, plate # 4JPR120 ... Update Anaheim shooting: Amber issued 4 red Honda Civic belonging 2 father of missing boy plate # 4JPR120 Anaheim shooting: Amber issued for red Honda Civic belonging to father of missing boy, plate # 4JPR120 Anaheim shooting: Amber issued for red Honda Civic belonging to father of missing boy, plate # 4JPR120 Update Anaheim shooting: Amber issued for red Honda Civic belonging to father of missing boy, plate # 4JPR120 ... Update Anaheim shooting: Amber issued for red Honda Civic belonging to father of missing boy, plate # 4JPR120 Blessed are those whose ecclesiology abandons the myth of belonging, for they shall be spared the agony of slogans. "Whose" is the possessive form of who (or, occasionally, which). It means "belonging to whom or which." One half of the people of the world were looked upon as belonging to the faithful, & the other as belonging to the irreligious & the infidel
Ultra Conservatives have always been against any change of progress all throughout history! From Jesus to Hip Hop Music & everything between Did Texas execute an innocent man? hopes we won't find out. It's disgusting that libs who gleefully promoted Hate Bush/Cheney try to push hate to shut down conservatives You do realize I'm a liberal, right? Just because I've mentioned conservatives doesn't mean I am one. The Five Words You Can't Say On TeeVee: "Conservatives Are Worse Than Liberals" CNN Endorses Thomas Friedman's Scaremongering About Conservatives CNN Endorses Thomas Friedman's Scaremongering About Conservatives Listening to NPR. Conservatives scare me. good luck tomorrow on the view the ladies can be brutal to conservatives! A dating service for political Conservatives - cHarmony (may not be suitable for Red Tories): Lol Are conservatives going to boycott the 2016 Chicago Olympics? "...the only science conservatives approve of is the kind that helps you blow people up. Everything else is frivolous." Capitalists want 2 pay people 2 do things real conservatives think u should do whether u get paid 4 it or not, like attend school Listening to NPR. Conservatives scare me. Everyone in hollywood is sold on liberalism, but none of them realize their income bracket should make them conservatives. the are saying u need "serious which means theyre erecting shrine b4 the devil in ur honor. Congrats! It says something about modern conservatives when the topless club owner comes of more classy than the awards committee. A centre-right president rules the US, but conservatives don't allow any change in the most backward social policies in the developed world. If Dallas were bidding on the Olympics during W's term, I really doubt conservatives would have a problem with him the bid.. Social Democrats lose elections in Europe, but the conservatives cannot overrun the welfare state, which provides universal health care. The Crux of the Lie Put The Screws 2 Hapless Listening to NPR. Conservatives scare me. Wiretap Mag: How Can Student Activism Beat Conservatives? Listening to NPR. Conservatives scare me. Dan Agin: The Way It Is: Are Liberals Disgusting?: Many people who call themselves "conservatives" and who shou.. I have to agree with you. The whole McCain thing made me sick, he is no better then a Democrat. I want CONSERVATIVES ! Dan Agin: The Way It Is: Are Liberals Disgusting?: Many people who call themselves "conservatives" and who shou.. This is a rhetorical question, right? We already know the answer. Are conservatives going to boycott the 2016 Chicago Olympics? you know you are right when they ignore you whenever they can .. just shows why conservatives have a hard time winning Aren't you just really out to get conservatives? YOU LIE and now YOU'VE been FLAGGED! Is Chicago really of America? Are conservatives going to boycott the 2016 Chicago Olympics? What is the name of the FL DEM Congressman who made the outrageous speech a/b HC today, charging conservatives with the Holocaust...? FoxPolitics.net: Blogs: Future Wisconsin Conference for Conservatives, October 10, Wauwatosa: A great conferenc.. Sane conservatives sensing that yelling "fascist" isn't a winning electoral strategy? Obama Keeps Campaign It's Time for Conservatives to Show Respect and Honour that's what conservatives brought up. Gay ones are now For any Conservatives on here's a list of today's most Joe Vs. Hussein# Obama Conservatives:We must stop Obama from continuing down radical leftist path.Right wing celebutards peddling stupid books our cause This so captures the psyche of the conservatives And conservatives used their power to build a constituency around the Military, at least the dems educate, and inform New column for the State Press: Note to campus conservatives You don't like fleetwood who plays/fundraises for every liberal dem and openly hate conservatives? why is that ? shocked ;) It's remarkable how people deny & obfuscate about outrageous things that groups linked to Obama do, then call conservatives liars!
Cast announced for S.F. Opera's 'Ring' Cycle Dunno why I didn't connect Achim Freyer, stage director of LA Opera's Ring Cycle to the Glass opera trilogy. Of course it's him. Duh. google "Michael Curry Design".His kinetic theater designs are phenomenal. Met Opera's Magic Flute is iabsolutely magical!!! while watching spanish soap opera's...they're hilarious i miss the days that all you do is download all series... then i'll watch them all while my opera(s) are healing... hehehe City Opera's opening night gala on November 5 is being sponsored by LVMH... Things are always like that with Opera; 's kinda a weird genre to tag (specially since it's an amalgamation of tons of genres) Not that i know anything about conducting an orchestra but the virginia opera's maestro is kind of a jerk. Soap Opera's are so dramatic, ahah! And they use a LOT of metaphors. A while ago I added an addon to firefox that replicated Chrome, and Opera's new tab interface, and now I find myself opening too many tabs. Fun week planned: Earl Keen at HOB on Thursday and SD Lyric Opera's "Anything Goes" on Friday (opening night). - Check out the cover for Baby Doe, Intermountain Opera's next prouduction Oct. 9-11. Go to bozemanopera.org f ... REVIEW: Singers triumph in Pittsburgh Opera's 'Onegin' Guess I will watch my Soap Opera's that I dvr while I was napping...lmao yes I love AMC, OLTL and GH I am a junkie to S.O. My thoughts on the Royal Opera's new production of Tristan: conference in Germany with Opera's Program: Milwaukee Symphony's Edo de to pinch hit for Metropolitan Opera's James Levine Relyin On PPL...Lies...Soap Opera's...Pork Products...Second Hand Smoke...& The Fuckin Ricky Smiley Morning Show Aww sadness. Opera's hating FF again today. Random quiz question: What is the translation of the phrase "cosi fan tutte" (the name of Amarillo Opera's first production this season)? American Soap Opera's do not compare to Asian Drama's AT ALL. Headed to New Orleans for the ASA Annual Meeting? Looking for info. on area activities? Opera's back on Bourbon Street 'Las Vegas' repeats on TNT are way better than daytime soap opera's. At an opera, 's waiting. Eugene Opera's annual Dinner and Auction on 10/11/09, at 5.30 pm - Valley River Inn. " A Taste of Italy!" Today at 5:00 pm on 850 WTAR in Norfolk - Virginia Opera's Director Peter Mark and baritone Eugene... FriendFeed/plus: Nathan Gunn Will Star In LA Opera's THE ELIXIR OF LOVE, Performs 9 ... - Broadway World Rape text Nathan Gunn Will Star In LA Opera's THE ELIXIR OF LOVE, Performs 9 ... - Broadway World: Nat.. Maybe you can get an add-in or extension to bring Safari up to functionality? I hear that Firefox users do that. ;) Until Oct15, early birds get 20% off tickets at thaiticketmajor for BANGKOK OPERA's 2nd World Opera Week in Nov at Thailand Cultural Centre The Royal Opera's new Tristan quite brilliant. Review to follow. Andrea Silvestrelli was funny as Osmin in SF Opera's Entfuehrung. His accent in spoken English is cute, but his lowest notes were creaky. "Tosca murders, then dithers." Alex Ross lays it down on the Metropolitan Opera's opening night Uh... Opera's Twitter widget opens as a separate window. Definitely not liking this as well as EchoFon. as it should!! More animation at night less soap opera's! Who's with me Jim: "This soap opera's stupid." Me: "Umm, no it's not." Jim: "WAIT, what just happened? Who's that?" Me: "Guess it's not stupid" Did you see the video of them performing live at Opera's 2424th Season Kickoff Damit im going to be away, wish i could have gone to this, Met Opera's TOSCA live via satellite on Sat 10th October. Met Opera's TOSCA live via satellite on Sat 10th October. So glad we've got these - lots of people asking for ages! The Washington National Opera's Season Begins and Save the Date for the WNO Costume Sale!: Under the stewardshi.. Scored great tickets for Pacific Opera's production of La Traviata, for Creating the press list for Lyric Opera's "Anything Goes." San Diego press Tweeps - if you want to go, let me know! KQED review of SF Opera's current production of comic masterpiece The Abduction from the Seraglio - Nashville Opera's cast for the recording of "In Studio C with Will Griffin" at WPLN FM 90.3 Met Opera's James Levine to Undergo Surgery for Herniated Spinal Disc. (Maestro you're in our prayers!) - Nashville Opera's cast for the recording of "In Studio C with Will Griffin" at WPLN FM 90.3 We published 3 new reviews: SF Symph's Mahler, SF Opera's and Cal Perf's House in Bali - Soap opera's are so dramatic.....and very funny
It's even less fun to be the one in the hospital incurring those bills. "The only obligation to which in advance we may hold a novel, without incurring the accusation of being..." Should al qaida pay half the costs for incurring PTSD in the American public? Reform Care bill issue mental care Going on vacay? Here's how to avoid incurring the ridiculous roaming charges for iPhones: Great read! That's true of almost every character in Helvetica. I'll stop saying that word for fear of incurring the wrath of . Wants to know why should a person get Rs 6 lakh per month when the company is incurring losses of Rs 15 crore a day!!! DirecTV claims possible effects of incurring the wrath of NHL fans might be enough for the satellite provider to put VS. back on ch. 603 Bent defends penalty charity: Darren Bent has defended his charity towards Kenwyne Jones, despite incurring the wrath of Steve Bruce. A little skeptical, but ok, 'One Thing to Do in Times of Financial is Avoid Incurring E' Knowing how feels about running late. Pretty positive we will be incurring our first tardy today. Bent defends penalty charity: Darren Bent has defended his charity towards Kenwyne Jones, despite incurring the.. Bent defends penalty charity: Darren Bent has defended his charity towards Kenwyne Jones, despite incurring the.. Bent defends penalty charity: Darren Bent has defended his charity towards Kenwyne Jones, despite incurring the.. Bent defends penalty charity: has defended his charity towards despite incurring Bent defends penalty charity: Darren Bent has defended his charity towards Kenwyne Jones, despite incurring the.. Darren Bent has defended his charity towards Kenwyne Jones, despite incurring the wrath of Steve Bruce. Bent defends penalty charity: Darren Bent has defended his charity towards Kenwyne Jones, despite incurring the.. Bent defends penalty charity: Darren Bent has defended his charity towards Kenwyne Jones, despite incurring from the pics you've shared (and at the risk of incurring the wrath of your hubby) I'd venture to say you did age quite well. That's b/c rules ask for incremental cost. You don't include what the co in incurring anyway for biz purposes. Jones Keen to Keep Up With Bent: Kenwyne Jones was unrepentant after incurring the wrath of Sunderland manager .. Jones keen to keep up with Bent: Kenwyne Jones was unrepentant after incurring the wrath of Sunderland manager .. Jones keen to keep up with Bent: Kenwyne Jones was unrepentant after incurring the wrath of Sunderland manager .. Jones keen to keep up with Bent: Kenwyne Jones was unrepentant after incurring the wrath of Sunderland manager .. Jones keen to keep up with Bent: Kenwyne Jones was unrepentant after incurring the wrath of Sunderland manager .. 2Sam24-Believers insist upon offering costly worship to God, who looks to Jerusalem & graciously forgives cleanses their wrath-incurring sin News: Kenwyne Jones was unrepentant after incurring the wrath of Sunderland manager Steve Bruce. Jones keen to keep up with Bent: Kenwyne Jones was unrepentant after incurring the wrath of Sunderland manager .. Premier League: Jones keen to keep up with Bent: Kenwyne Jones was unrepentant after incurring t.. Jones keen to keep up with Bent: Kenwyne Jones was unrepentant after incurring the wrath of Sunderland manager .. Jones keen to keep up with Bent: Kenwyne Jones was unrepentant after incurring the wrath of Sunderland manager .. LOL i saw that!! i figured it's because eddie still couldn't use the pacojet without incurring $2K of damage!! Jones keen to keep up with Bent: Kenwyne Jones was unrepentant after incurring the wrath of Sunderland manager .. Are you able to inform me whether I can upgrade my phone without incurring early termination fees on my 24mth contract? i prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and incur my own abhorre ... chase now sends my wamu rent check one day earlier, conveniently incurring an overdraft One Thing to Do in Times of Financial is Avoid Incurring Even More Debt - Be Warned!: Note to self: not superhuman, stop incurring headwounds. Ouch. - I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be fals ... The Dangers of Incurring Debt to Finance a Lifestyle: Author : Peter KennyThere are messages everywhere in soci.. After incurring such in Georgia five months ago down the road in Augusta, could this be Kenny Perry's time? successfully checked in with only one bag incurring a fee. Here's to hoping we can cram away on carry-ons :) I have those days of being ticked off...and all because of our Socialist government ruining the country and incurring more debt Proud to be a contemplating, debt incurring, stay up all nite, study hard, hard student Obama Logic - The same Government that has led the way in incurring waste & abuse shld B the vry venue 2 remove waste & abuse?? LMAO! No I was looking about She by Sheree's clothing line. Pple hating hard on u must be incurring haters at an a Some lovely fashion work, as well as some jealousy incurring Paris street work: Obama Logic - The same Government that has led the way in incurring waste and abuse should be the very venue to remove waste and abuse?? ran 2.11 miles on the treadmill without incurring the wrath of the side stitches. (: Yay!
we have a venue for THE WHITE and we're keeping it a secret :-) but the date is now locked in - WEDS 9th December Who's stoked for the show Friday w/ and more at The Venue of Scottsdale!? Get ready to throw down AZ! new venue is going well...and random quote..."if my answers frighten you, then you should cease asking scary questions" sige tol lapitan mo lang ako will sign your album. yung mga wala pa i brought some cds will sell it at the venue basically 1 has 2 register on t site, a token no. will b given, use tat 2 get t pass @ t venue. follow 4 updates Body&Soul NYC take over the LA House of Blues. Excellent venue for a RARE westcoast edition of Body&Soul. thinking of having a at a venue somewhere with perks, promo, cocktails ect...music....hmmmm....when and where tho is the Q LOVE that guy!! 6th time I've seen him in Vancouver...I admit, I kinda missed the smaller venue though... We now have - NEW WEBSITE COMING SOON! Add you Wedding Service or Venue Now! Few of us are looking at possibilities for alternate venue while redeveloping GI. Thanks for all the suggestions that come in. Pray with us. Looking to hold an event at a sexy multi-level venue in the of DC? Tabaq Bistro is the place to be! SO FUNNY THT I C THE PATRONS RESPONCE 2 A VENUE & THE DJ'S....THEY'RE ON TOTALLY DIFF PAGES!! THE PPL SAY THEY BORED BUT THE DJ'S NOT...WTF? Waiting for megatix fella to ring me, trying to get my Stack tix sent to me since the venue's been changed... LOL benefit sale by contemporary at 70% off gallery price on Saturday, Oct3 12NN onwards at Botong's Up, A-venue Mall Makati Lesson 3 'How NOT to self-promote!': If U r not your own entity, dont promote YOU! Who R you anyway? Promote ur venue/product/event Still struggling to focus...maybe I need a change in venue... area;arena;assebly;band;board;chain of command;community;coordinate;council;cult;facility;fellowship:gang;group;location;mob;position;venue while twitter is a good venue for quick info relay, pls dont send malicious information without verifying especially the mayon eruption. 12:45 Swan Lake - A Venue Called Rubella So from to hotel is $8.10. Round trip from hotel to venue and back is $6.13 or so. are about $30 lol at herbal t's house doing last minute tour plans. minneapolis venue change. peep tour dates section for details! thanks for the gig tonight. That's what gigs should be like the venue's size)! You rocket my night, amazing. Pu Tien has unofficially become the farewell/welcome lunch venue. The venue for the Pre-Judging session, Ms.World Msia 09/10. All set to roll at 2pm. thanks a lot for the gig tonight. That's what gigs should be like the venue's size)! You rocket my night, amazing. ohhh yeahhh. success at venue. frankness wins. now cast goes to schools tomorrow & i go to theatre. unions crews & me? we'll get it done. :) is going to be checking out my debut venue tom HEHEHE XD wow news travels fast! thx to everyone who came to (glad 2 see change of venue worked) super pissed at this venue.. What will it take to get you to Des Moines? Iowa ain't what you think. We great music. Check out People's for a venue. thanks a lot for the gig tonight. That's what gigs should be like the venue's size)! You rocket my night, amazing. BATE vs Highlights and Goals: Watch highlights of BATE v | Europa League | Group I Venue: Dina.. goodness. it felt so unbelievably good to be back in a snug venue crowded with folks. but even better to be seeing the antlers. lovely boys. all I can do is laugh but if yall wanna get this jello wrestling goin we gotta host a venue a promoter n photographer already goodness. it felt so unbelievably good to be back in a snug venue crowded with folks. but even better to be seeing the antlers. lovely boys. Nothing like going to a DIY venue to see great bands. I'm sweaty, tired, and have no voice but it was well it. Walk out the venue, get hit on by some frumpy YT chick who "liked my braids." if slapping honkys in publc were legal.. << LMAOOO Don't get me wrong, I've got nothing against showing affection 2 ur kids, but please, save it for home, not a public venue such as work. Ok ok hopefully we make it out. PS we're celebrating a bday this weekend, any DJ/venue suggestions? New venue opens tmrw called dope lil lounge above Ruby Skye in SF. Think of hot spot in DC or LA, kinda like that mysace is a nice venue 4 bands and musicians i was impressed !! we rode behind the venue and the band was right there staring as we rode by.. shoulda stopped !!! Love ya! another great event sis, u are on a roll, had a great time, great venue, great talent Peace Arch Group Inc. (PAE: Pink Quote) | Venue Change: Thu, Oct 01, 2009 12:00 - Peace Arch Ente.. We're trying to find a venue in Sydney that holds under 18's gigs but there aren't many that we can find. 3 bands, fav venue, new slr and 500 pics later.... Few more people know me! Ha! yeah that's what I was most likely going with considering it's suuuch a small venue. Go to Both! :P So glad we have YouTube. It's given every racist inbred cracker with a webcam a venue to spew their illiterate bullshit about Obama.
Hoho, you must be from the "future" if you got the "series" finale of "Futurama!" Discussed at today's staff meeting: and her bruised butt, Meg's Halloween pen with jazz hands, pedantry vs podiatry Discussed at today's staff meeting: and her bruised butt, Meg's Halloween pen with jazz hands, pedantry vs podiatry feels a blog-rant of rampant, unapologetic and curmudgeonly pedantry coming on. SEMANTICS UPDATE: I call my books "books". And the stuff inside the books is called "comics"; I approve of this pedantry! Is an accusation of pedantry pedantic in and of itself? A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and into pedantry. Hence Universit ... I wouldn't be a Perl programmer if I didn't appreciate pedantry. :) actually Dicky I think you'll find you were abrupt as opposed to rude (just a spot of pedantry there!) abrubtness is excusable... :-D A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and into pedantry. Hence University education. -Shaw I've realised my punctuation pedantry is stronger than my spelling pedantry. I just typed "u" instead of "you" so I could fit in a comma. I suppose it's just my natural pedantry :P Apologies if I've offended anyone, was just making an observation. 7 deadly sins of the academy: INELEGANCE, PROCRASTINATION, SNOBBERY, LUST, ARROGANCE, COMPLACENCY, PEDANTRY. Boring killjoy pollster pedantry corner: Labour were 3rd in a poll in all of May this year. (via if you don't go you'll miss a chance at pedantry and ridicule. Think of that. Boring killjoy pollster pedantry corner: Labour were 3rd in a poll in all of May this year. Boring killjoy pollster pedantry corner: Labour were 3rd in a poll in all of May this year. Boring killjoy pollster pedantry corner: Labour were 3rd in a poll in all of May this year. Radio call-in show on classical composer is like an NPR speedball: the pedantry agitates, then the tedium slows the Surely that'd be "turning into Head of Pedantry", rather than in to? Does Joy Behar seriously believe that we care about what she says or thinks? She is pedantry personified. Pinhead is right on. Does Joy Behar seriously believe that anyone cares about what she says or thinks? She is pedantry personified. Pinhead is right on. Convincing myself that my is not, in fact, too wrinkled -- unhealthy laziness or a healthy lack of pedantry? Simon Goldhill commenting "pedantry" but Alan Ryan on "lust" makes the big bucks if Ofsted cared about kids this would not have happened A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and into pedantry. Hence University education. -Shaw Looking up the word *pedantry* and feeling uneducated once again. Thank you RIP Safire. I always felt guilty for appreciating a Nixon speechwriter, but I am nonetheless indebted to your pedantry. RIP William Safire. felt guilty for appreciating words from Nixon speechwriter, but nonetheless indebted 2 your pedantry. RIP William Safire. I always felt guilty for appreciating words from a Nixon speechwriter, but I am nonetheless indebted to your pedantry. Pedantry lives! just now pedantry the digg url discussion, I was not aware this changed and aim check in with it tomorrow (was on letup to 2 weeks) Forum message: Sending Craig to Westminster (13) a little pedantry to help clarification Have spent a while shouting at Disney films for inaccuracies. It's clearly not going to be a good day for commonsense vs pedantry "How hard to pass an equitable & sound judgment in a matter where our interest is deeply concerned" In truth I am guilty of pedantry. [12] All Pedantry hereafter is to be ignored. A Streetcar Named ... Editorial Pedantry (psst ... technically it's Regency ... Ah, the joys of architectural / chronological pedantry!) I... I was trying to respond to a witty observation with one of my own! The pedantry just somehow slipped in! Honest! And speaking of being anal, if it didn't have gin & vermouth, it wasn't a (Yes, pedantry is my fetish.) Sir, allow me to Tweet basick Primer. Pedantry: NOUN. Pedant: NOUN. Pedantick: ADJECTIVE. None are VERBS. Pedantry (n.) Whereby middling People waste large Labours over small Matters, viz. the Victuals Tweet of Pedantry (n.) Whereby middling People waste large Labours over small Matters, viz. the Victuals Tweet of before decrying pedantry, the list I'm complaining about comes from another authority, supposedly from a fellow professional! The Lost Symbol and The Da Vinci Code author Dan Brown: 50 factual errors Pedantry personified. Why do they call themselves the G20 spouses? They're the wives. The husbands never go with.
omg my head just throbbing when i to read the tweet i got explaining google wave! wooow geek squad help?? lol Who else else 3 new gigs and $100 tip?!?!? Bum Squad'z DJ motha fucking BiZZ bitches!!!!! video mad me don....jay will have dancing vid lock...shady squad mad! Got my Loan money;Paid my billz.Bout to watch 'Year One' w/ Glitch. Writing for the new shit Friday-Git Ready Niggaz! [Purp Squad] I scored an invite from Geek Squad Central. I am just waiting for my invite to show up. When I get invites I will let you know. NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS: Signed linebacker Prescott Burgess to practice squad; waived defensive lineman Adrian Grady. NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS: Signed linebacker Prescott Burgess to practice squad; waived defensive lineman Adrian Grady. ClubRiddims CALLING ALL MY NIGERIANS COME AND CELEBRATE YOUR INDEPENDENCE WITH US. " DJ FAMOUS SQUAD" IN THE BUILDING. FREE ALL NIGHT I hope that Jose will to rotate the squad. We need fresh legs for the weekend! Inter v Udi! Forza Inter! We need this win! CALLING ALL MY NIGERIANS COME AND CELEBRATE YOUR INDEPENDENCE WITH US. " DJ FAMOUS SQUAD" IN THE BUILDING. FREE ALL NIGHT W/ CATERED FOOD!!! couldnt be prouder of this young feisty hungry padre team a squad full of promise and pride. love it! Man I hv a squad on deck 4 pb n they aint fckn w/sin. I aint tryna fluke u but if I can squeeze in ill snd u a list and had multiple blitz packages they shut a lot of teams down..lol but yall got a bomb squad though Patriots sign LB Prescott Burgess to practice squad; Release DL Adrian Grady: The New England Patriots signed L.. ... Patriots sign LB Prescott Burgess to practice squad; Release DL Adrian Grady: The New England Patriots signed L.. Patriots sign LB Prescott Burgess to practice squad; Release DL Adrian Grady: The New England Patriots signed L.. Senior volleyball human again: Billings Senior's volleyball squad has looked like a machine over the last f.. Squad Rnd 9 v Brisbane Sat 7.30pm Etihad Stadium: In: Berger, Pondeljak (return from injury). No outs. 2 to be omitted. I hope liked her bday gift. I'm outtie y'all, shut eye callin. I love my squad, I love 9duce, I love my tweeplz. Holla! Nit washboard :o) i am on your cheering squad. who be the leader? g.o. d.e.s. like its your b.i.r.t.h.d.a.y! yay! TWHS tops CHS in 14-5A team tennis: The Woodlands High School team tennis squad came through with a 17-2 victor.. South Squad yo my Nig, need u to put up some numbers this weekend. u are my receiver on my fantasy squad. Holla at ur boy Palmer! Sorry but I own wednesday in Philly!!! Bum Squad niggaz are the craziest!!!! Yes! just putting this out there - wallabies squad to play a benefit match for the Samoa and Tonga tsunami victims! thoughts? video mad me don....jay will have dancing vid lock...shady squad mad! bored got to hang out all afternoon with the lozer squad hanging out with mom tomorrow Will this year's squad ever play with a sense of urgency? We're running out of time. you in trouble. you X'd from the squad. HAHA Is the "Let's go L.A." chant used by the squad new? I have not heard that before. New Tracks From Young Squad , Lil B , The Jacka , Lil Wayne , Ya Boy , Trey Songz , T-Pain just when i thought you'd be sleeping as peacefull as a baby!! staying up with ur glam squad girls? New Event Listed : Oct 20, 2009: Urban Girl Squad Hosts a Spa Night with Champagne & Bobbi Br.. Rugby: Injury-ravaged Blues plan to strengthen squad: THE Blues are planning a dip into the transfer mark.. Three hours in the making and the Razor Raiders Scooter Squad already have had the police involved! Not enough space here to explane. aye go listen 2 my nigga song its a gig squad exclusive dat hoe go hard. hahhaha that's funny man and damn our squad is nice man. Win by 30 came with ease! [M] Have you seen the Samsung Camera Squad? [>] [H] Pigs have thick skin right?? That's it, I'm inviting a police squad. Taylor Hillton - Teen Cum Squad: Taylor Hillton - Teen Cum Squad Size: 519 MB Resolution: 640x480 i had to trade of u on my fantasy squad cuz u been bumming it dropping mad passes!! FHP Considers Changes After Squad Car Escape - NEW SONG ON MYSPACE PAGE! "SQUAD UP" f.Renigade&Fetus! PEEP IT! ... Former UW running back Louis Rankin signed to practice squad
Pls Krauthammer: doesn't lie. He subtly implies/misdirects/misleads. || He implies like a rug! via doesn't lie. He subtly implies/misdirects/misleads. || He implies lk a rug! Pls Pls Krauthammer: doesn't lie. He subtly implies/misdirects/misleads. || He implies like a rug! BO doesnt lie. He implies, misdirects, misleads -so fluidly & incessantly he risks transmuting eloquence into mere slickness. -Krauthammer
i've got 1464 songs in my iTunes now. just calculated 3 pages of basic math. my mind is so tired. gnyt. gotta wake again in 6.5 hours? what am i doing? im txting!! im so happy! new month.. MORE TEXTS!! lol im so ashamed, i calculated that wif 2000 2 run out in a month u.... If time is man made, then why weren't more hours calculated into each day...so we can actually use some of our time to relax? Is it just me? ok. I've already calculated SHINee's 1000th day (even i'm not yet done with my paper..) --> February 19, 2011. weeh! hope i'm right! XD nah, just found it interesting that did both today..wonder if it was calculated. I'm so cynical ;-) Fitness News: How Glycemic Index And Glycemic Load Are Calculated - Personal ... I just calculated my due date with this calculator - How Glycemic Index And Glycemic Load Are Calculated - Personal ...: Remember these are considerations for our personal trainin.. well Chinese have over a billion in population, my odds were calculated. :) Column: Trades the calculated risk - Journal I just calculated my due date with this calculator - CALCULATED RISK: Summary: Today and Tomorrow How Glycemic Index And Glycemic Load Are Calculated - Personal ... nothing so childish (at a better pace), slower and more calculated, no chance of escape, now self-employed Jus calculated my time of death in facebok... Ahhh, the people, i m not goin 2 leave u all b4 i will b of 67 years old... Doing epicly great now that I calculated that after I get my next paycheck I'll be gettin my liscence back! Under HHRC bill - Excise tax 4 not having health insurance will b calculated on yr return as an addition to tax (no new taxes?) What's it going to take to get that 400k? With 400K I have potential profits calculated to be up to $4.8mill Yeah... I calculated the crystallite size of my samples.. An average of 50 nanometers.. This sounds a pretty nice result. =) My actions are always well thought out and perfectly calculated. But why, even despite that? ... I was going to have Liane do it for me but then she calculated that they'd be ready in 7.2 minutes so I stayed up XD Remember how I calculated 89.2% on my exam today? Just received my grade: 89.2% on the dot. Be impressed. I just calculated that I have 54 hours free a week. Cool even though it seems like 10 minutes.. A year or two ago I measured the "little" handful of peanuts I ate and calculated calories. 600 !!! Scary. all these beach weather forecast and r calculated by computers right? or is it really your estimation?? I just calculated my due date with this calculator - Time to synchronize a 1TB 2 disk RAID0 on FBSD? I've calculated 8.2 days. We'll see if I'm right. yes me, i calculated my score at 540! Are Obama & the democrats creating chaos in America? If you think they are, is it calculated or incompetence? I calculated my BMI and it said I have to gain weight! aghhh. Gotta be kidding me! I just calculated my due date with this calculator - Taylor is officially addicited to Farmville.....he calculated the amount of money he recieves from rasberrys and strawberries... literary. Fun problem no doubt. I spent 34 of the last 48 hours writing code. I wish I had not calculated this. Yeah, I have a pair that may just be staying in the closet now. I wonder how much they calculated the PR hit this may/may not take? haha we calculated that in math class today :P Your FICO score is derived from your credit If the are inaccurate, any score calculated from them will be inaccurate, too. Wondering why it seems so hard for christians our age to have normal guy-girl friendships. The awkward calculated paranoia is uncalled for. Danggg... My dad verbally limited my texts. 1,600 a month. Or, 56 a day, as I calculated. Errrrrghh! *Eats hand* the weight of the is calculated by using the gravitational pull between the Moon and Sun. That's my twitter answer. Vilma loves to take calculated risks.. lol I missed calculated! New blog post: Buying an Investment - Find the Best Deals Calculated to Turn Profit
Anyone up for a fall retreat at great wolf lodge? - october 9-11. $$125. :) hater?! lol wowzerrrs- im hittin up the lodge :) hosp nite. didnt no aja did that, thats all my dear nice club buddy j just home from 's hoose! was a good relaxing pizza filled chilled out day :D lol!! and time does travel lodge close? LOL! where is lake fork lodge? and why are you there? is it in anna? we're playing 20 ?s this a.m.!! :)
Almost done editing my latest Farscape video. Just need to refine and fine tune after I add the closing shots. Yeeeaaa. Whole School Plan - design individual/group programs, revisit-reflect-refine, share & celebrate Miss Illinois "Refine Your Image Seminar this weekend!". ...There's something to be said for taking the time to really refine the pencils, especially with a minimalist style like mine. I gotta refine my process a bit more. Right now I do rough pencils, tight, pencils, and inks - all digital, mind you (cont) What others do to you doesn't refine you; it's what you do to yourself that matters. The journey to MBA has been good so far. Its always nice to refine what u specialize in and enjoy doing. first you've got to find the ore, that's "crop detection", second you have to refine the ore, that's "crap detection". first you've got to find the ore, that's "crop detection", second you have to refine the ore, that's "crap detection". I must not give in. I must...do...calculus...and...refine...and critique...my peers'...theses...about various...topics... Mould me to be refine gold, to be so transparent. (Up early in the morning, going to help out for children day!) The current calculation of CRC reinsurance ceded premium is too complicated.Try to refine it next month. time to define & refine the body at the gym after a stressful week...wait its only wednesday Or rather, *refine* it properly. I think a panel on Diversity in Gaming Communities could be a great panel. FREE MP3: Soulsearcher vs Young Rebels & Francesco Diaz - Can't Get Into The Night (Bootleg) /lib/* is probably in your load path. You should be able to refine that. submit workshop paper with results...REFINE REFINE REFINE!! God gave me many talents. I recognize them, practice them, refine them, USE them. That's why I am successful! Fast on the heels of D.C. v. Heller...the will refine it's approach to the 2nd Amendment: check it out! The goal is to refine the model so that pilots and air traffic controllers can react.. What others do to you doesn't refine you; it's what you do to yourself that matters. Don't Forget to Eat at Drink; Big Food at the Big E -- Grub Street ...: Plus: meh on Marliave, and a refine.. thank you, beautiful. i love you. & i love this: ...the fires we face only refine us not burn us. lots of projects are a good thing :]. gives you a chance to refine your photography skills. how did your 'movement' project go btw? INDOT will refine application for Chicago to Indy to Cincy for a future round of funding. 1 day to learn how EMC can help your organization build & refine your information infrastructure. NYC is 10/8! I do not believe you must give urself up to raise a decent human. Instead u should refine urself 2 Excellence. The rest easaily follows. The black hole experience is not only intended to refine and define you; it's also intended to influence and change... Today I'm grappling with the fact that as I refine my vision of my own garden, plants don't fit in, but I can't bear to chuck them. Phew - boring day doing much-needed GUI stuff, but gonna on creating test levels to isolate and refine game mechanics tomorrow to success in marriage? Feel that u are divine beings within. Help each other to refine yourselves. Well said Swami! The days of pioneering and discovering the web are over, my friends. Now is the time to refine and improve all that we do. We lern & grow in the jrney. The destination helps us persrvere thru the tough times. What we lern in the jrney will refine the destination well i'm only a phone call away if you need someone to talk to... the fires we face only refine us not burn us... A Prayer of Indifference | Refine Us post...i feel the same way bro! Yikes u must hang with melissa to refine the metaphoric/esoteric les mots bonnes...luv those cinnamon anything out of the oven Ultra Electronics of MoD led team to refine "FireShadow" loitering munition for early operational use: ooooh boy. Just trying to refine some communication channels. Circumstances and bad situations will either "define" you or "refine" you! U pick! Hey u guys just got out of a long meeting with the boss. trying to refine the message. BTW Dominic West Plays Howard Florey the Aussie who helped refine and perfect the extraction of Penicillin, in Breaking the Mould. 's rule of thumb is spend no more than 1/3 of budget before go live - rest to evolve, grow, spread, refine the elegant solution is almost never the obvious one. iteration is the only way to refine an implementation into the *right* one. Wow. Blackouts help me refine my life. Apple table to refine newspapers, magazines and textbooks..via Gizmodo. Apple you already have my money! Been meaning to talk to you about it. Want to do geo historical mapping, blogging. Need more material refine the concept. This one is a jokes ! Jendral Drs. H. Refine Riniftiano .SH,SE, M.PD, Ph.D , amin ahahaha let me refine my search by saying its for a bunch of whiny graphic designers who are probably picky as hell...
From the BBC: Morgan to announce his First Minister Rhodri Morgan is expected to tell h.. PalestineNewsAgency: British MP Confronts Israeli Minister over War Crimes Full First Minister Rhodri Morgan is expected to tell his of his decision to stand down as leader of the Labou.. Minister: firms can shape deaths review changes: Government plans to hold talks with the industry befor.. Morgan to announce his First Minister Rhodri Morgan is expected to tell his of his decision to.. Morgan to announce his First Minister Rhodri Morgan is expected to tell his of his decision to.. We are aware and attentive to LeT threat, says Chidambaram: Home minister .. MINISTER OF GOD / Coming soon.... No matter how trapped you feel in your infirmities, God can minister to ur deepest needs. Don't let a problem/hardship cause u to lose hope Kentucky church ordains sex offender as minister. LOUISVILLE, Ky. - A tiny Louisville church's newest minister is a Link love, a nice piece in the Punch from former Minister Kevin Andrews on Cadel Evans Yongsan families demand a resolution from Prime Minister Chung Iranian minister makes rare visit to Washington Good Night Twitter Family.....I'm going to Bedside Baptist to have Pastor Pillow minister 2 me.....!!! God's plan for ministry is set, it's up to minister's to choose to use the power. Indonesia Quake Death Toll May Be Thousands: Minister Iranian minister makes rare visit to Washington NZ prime minister ..doing good Yet, that young lady came up on my list (yes, that one) but I just want to minister and see what happens, my sister. bbcnews: First Minister Rhodri Morgan is expected to tell his of his decision to stand down as leader of the ... Later they looked for the man and didn't find him.He was gone. But his was ready that night. Where is the person who can minister here SE Wales: Morgan to announce his First Minister Rhodri Morgan is expected to tell his Morgan to announce his First Minister Rhodri Morgan is expected to tell his of his decision to.. Iranian minister makes rare visit to Washington the problem was the man of God couldn't minister to him because he had to work. It broke my I was ready to lock and load. he said no Burke urged to rethink lobster fishers' aid: The Western Australian Fisheries Minister, Norman Moore, has urged.. Prime Minister hits back at accusations of improbity HelsinkiTimes Thousands killed in Indonesia quake, says minister - Thousands may have died in an that struck the city ... CNS: Sister Islands MLA steps up as UDP deputy leader - (CNS): Education Minister Rolston Anglin has been ousted as... Morgan to announce his First Minister Rhodri Morgan is expected to tell his of his decision to.. Morgan to announce his First Minister Rhodri Morgan is expected to tell his of his deci.. news4you Morgan to announce his First Minister Rhodri Morgan is expected to tell his o.. Morgan to announce his First Minister Rhodri Morgan is expected to tell his of his decision to.. Prime Minister hits back at accusations of improbity HelsinkiTimes innovative website protects buyers and sellers in a dangerous market, BritGov Minister calls for it to be shut down is totally confused. I thought it was the finnish prime minister that needed to resign. Not the head of broadcasting company YLE... Iranian Foreign Minister Mottaki allowed to visit Washington BetterBills.net says Morgan to announce his First Minister Rhodri Morgan is expe.. Somalia: Information Minister 'Regrets' Shelling That Killed Civilians Morgan to announce his First Minister Rhodri Morgan is expe.. and condoning (spell check) there behavior... we are just as wrong. Don't mistreat them but minister to them First Minister Rhodri Morgan is expected to tell his of his decision to stand down as leader of the Labour assembly group. New Zealand-China FTA: One-year on - Trade Minister Tim Groser today welcomed the first anniversary of the entry into Latest Activity Lady Royal left a comment for Minister Jermaine Thomas: Lady Royal left a commen..
attempting to pull off a kansas city shuffle with 7 dates in 7 cities - if executable may make me invincible? Anyone have a good windows binary newsreader app that has a small footprint.. i.e. no install just binary executable? Handy tool to find executable program location? Executable program software programming programing (santa clara) ... Which one to pick: E71 or E75? AFAIK both have the same amount of free executable RAM (~71 MB). Which one to pick: E71 or E75? AFAIK both have the same amount of free executable RAM (~71 MB). Failed To Launch Php Executable ? - Repair Windows Problems Here! | .... b/c it is not in an executable format and requires a web browser to interpret it." WTF? Keep hearing about exe...what is it? I've always thought it was an executable file but this seems to be about resource development. Format for 1) Networking 8-8:15 pm ET 2) Moderated ?s 3) Executable idea 4) 9:55 ET Ask your own ?s, pitch your site or get ideas. does anyone know if someone maintains a list of common rootkit executable/binary file names that is available for download? What does this mean? "u've tried 2 execute a CGI, ISAPI, or other executable program frm directory tht doesn't allow programs 2b executed. Heh, our AI Sandbox executable for the demos is 880Kb -- and that has procedurally placed boxes. :-) Where do the bytes go? But can the in-app purchase be used for executable contents? My understanding is that it is ONLY for data ... Is there any having experience with executable in ? pretty sure the closest thing to computer code is legal code. but if legal code was executable, would we need lawyers? how to run an executable file in linux/ubuntu? | TheGeek.in Who has an innovative idea? It must be realistic and executable within 6 months! keywords: sustainability internet Which it is, mind you, it's just they could have picked - I don't know, maybe the file executable icon? meaning if Im coming up with these ideas that seem easily executable, why arent they? Executable File Has Been Changed ? - Fix these Errors ! | Why should config files be executable code ? I couldn't think of 1 good reason that a syntax checker wouldn't fix New Blog post In Lego Star Wars Ii If I Go To Video Options It Closes And Says Main Executable Has Stopped Working? ... Gmail won't let me send an executable file in a tarball...what? any luck? (saving executable to desktop) Ktorrent Failed To Launch Php Executable ? - Fix it Now ! | Can executable acceptance/specification tests become reality? Checkout StoryTeller -
ugh stress. while being stuck in a jam on jln universiti cos of an accident, some a-hole who can't drive reverses into me. ; Realizing my mistakes reverses that. I have realized my mistakes & I'm happier now. So, yeah. what reverses jumping off your roof miss healthy advil downer? When your frontier is unconscious, his amateur horizon reverses a monkey. Highlight an outcome. lect 25: lots about the sun. mostly hydrogen. chromosphere. prominences and flares. sunspots. magntc field reverses evry 11 yrs The Supreme is about to rule on handgun prohibition... lets hope that it reverses the DC ban as well as the Chicago ban... Immune Depletion With Cellular Mobilization Immunoregulation and Reverses Autoimmune Diabetes in Nonobe.. Panel reverses judge's ruling on Broadcom evidence. :Message Rating 9 (from 10): My life right now... Reading: Judge reverses decision on evidence in Oklahoma poultry pollution trial Carbohydrate Restriction Reverses Metabolic Syndrome: Panel Reverses Judge's Ruling on Broadcom Evidence Technical Analysis & Setups - Market Reverses In Blazing Fashion.... EURUSD often reverses /- 15mins of that candle Flash: Judge reverses decision on evidence in Oklahoma poultry pollution ... - Daily Oklahoman School board reverses position and approves tax increase Fed appeals panel reverses ruling that excluded evidence in Broadcom exec's backdating trial Flash Judge Reverses Decision on Poultry Trial Evidence: Reversing himself, a federal judge hearing Oklaho.. Daimler reverses decision 2 close Oregon truck plant 2010, high hopes 4 US military order Judge Reverses Decision On Poultry Trial Evidence OrCtApp reverses conviction after prosecutor tells jury they can disregard the presumption of innocence. Judge Reverses Decision on Poultry Trial Evidence Judge Reverses Decision on Poultry Trial Evidence reverses invalidity; finds Stanford lacked standing to bring suit because Roche had ownership interest in PCR-based HIV assay patent september reverses and the equinoxes flips, France reverses on Roman Polanski case. (Reuters) (TOO LATE. NOW FRANCE IS WORLD'S CREEPIEST COUNTRY.) Watching 'Market Technical Analysis & Setups - Market Reverses In Blazing Fashion....Find Out What It Means!' at Vodpod Fireball UFO low over Colorado 'reverses course' - didn't we tweet about this on Friday as it was happening Fireball UFO low over Colorado 'reverses course' in mid air - Fireball UFO low over Colorado 'reverses course' in mid air - I just ate soup but cough drops usually reverses the effect of being full. 'Magic' Johnson reverses roles to rescue Australia - AFP - News for radiologists: Researchers Find Drug That Reverses Resistance To Chemotherapy In Pancreatic Cancer ...rose by 74,300 in CBC News - Money - July payroll reverses slide I'm looking for a bit finer control. Something that can do reverses and time stretching while repeating. I know man. last two days, dollar reverses, copper's down, China's on vacation next week.. bam. looks like Nov flipped Latest Radiology news: Researchers Find Drug That Reverses Resistance To Chemotherapy In Pancreatic Cancer Wow I run out to get some and buy some tinker toys for my son and the market reverses. Glad I cashed out of Rydex this morning. "around the turn" Market reverses course to the upside at mid-day as managers square up their positions into the Q3 close. "around the turn' Market reverses course to the upside as managers square up their positions into the Q3 close. "around the turn" Market reverses to the upside course as managers square up their into the Q3 close. reverses Microsoft patent-infringement ruling: A US federal on reversed an earl reverses Microsoft patent-infringement ruling: A US federal on reversed an earlier ruli. AAG TV Ads Sell Benefits of Reverses to Seniors in Financial Difficulties Sterling reverses gains vs dollar, euro, turns negative: The pound was also pressured against the euro EURGBP=D.. Weight Loss Plan for Beating Diabetes: Removes Metabolic Roadblocks, Sheds Pounds, Reverses PreDiabetes, Diabetes Weight Loss Plan for Beating Diabetes: Removes Metabolic Roadblocks, Sheds Pounds, Reverses PreDiabetes, Diabetes July payroll employment reverses slide
Tommy I feel like I'm in high school again, but it's not necessarily a bad thing It's just that there are parallels that are occ.. Parallels could hold the key to user-installed applications: Happy "User-installed Application Week,".. Im to see visual parallels between the POTUS and an accomplished rapper. Neither care why they are popular, only that they are. Is there anyone running Studio 2008 on a in Parallels? ^HV Parallels could hold the key to user-installed applications Blogs) Parallels could hold the key to user-installed applications: Happy "User-installed Application Week,".. The struggle to preserve the environment parallels the health care debate. It is eye opening & amazing. SteerMouse now 64-bit compatible, so I'm trying Snow Leopard in 64-bit mode. So far, everything works, even Parallels and Flip4Mac. I remember the crab legs at February's Parallels Summit! Enjoy!!! Parallels to the DPRK Mass Games with the 80,000 children holding up different colored flowers to spell out slogans. VMWare and box are pretty good. But its the in over from Parallels that is again the issue. Sadly, I enjoy switching between the two - and my Windows image is a Parallels VM. A lot of work to reorg mac for bootcamp Parallels to the DPRK Mass Games with the 80,000 children holding up different colored flowers to spell out slogans. Beginning to reread Gibbons' The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire. So many direct parallels to this own country. What are you doing with C# on OS X? Only option I know of is Monodevelop (or Boot Camp / Parallels Visual Studio Express). It's a tough life being a Cub fan. Almost scary to think of the parallels to being an IndyCar fan :-) I just don't wanna mess around with parallels just for an intro class. My hard drive is bogged down as is. Gonna try Mono. real talk? You should use parallels to dual boot windows and use free visual c# on that. Wouldn't bother with c# on mac os I'm using - but I'm about to give it a spin! :) Installing Windows 7 via parallels on my mac... Ugh I hate this!! It is really interesting the parallels between my life and Cougar Town. Knowledge can be a threat - Chinese history shows that the powerful 'need' to control access to knowledge - parallels to today? 'capitalism: a love story'. are we a nation that has come to legalizing greed? parallels? I see the parallels very clearly... Friedman on the Obama/Rabin parallels. Yep.! Like you said, it's a great video for those looking for a cheap, useful alternative to VMWare or Parallels. parallels windows boredom keys quickbooks waiting hungry : all in a days wasted work Watching "Swingers" starring Jon Favreau & Vince Vaughn. Hard to believe it's 13 years since that was released. A lot of parallels for me. reading the clever woman in the family. the parallels to my life, beginning with the title itself, are absolutely astounding. Mike, Atlas Shrugged is a GREAT read, amazing parallels to what is going on now. Fascinating story on Chinese "paper sons" w/ clear parallels to 2day Some people believe baseball has so many parallels to the market. Windows on a mac through or Parallels? Check out this on a call with a customer discussing a corporate culture of innovation and the parallels with gaming (simulation, addictive, fun) Just installed parallels with Windows 7 (its kicking but right now) and synchronously learn about Google Wave sweet I use Parallels 4.0.3846 on Mac OSX 10.6.1, works just fine, i boot win XP to run inet explorer only web aps all the time. Shoot, I wish I could remember "For he's a jolly good fellow" in Klingon from Parallels. Parallels Offers Switch to Mac Edition hate parallels. vmware fusion rocks (though still not as good as vmware on linux or windows host) I'm now using Parallels V4 which is sooooo much better than V3. Having said that I now have 4gb of ram rather than 2gb maybe that helps :) Parallels between fight for universal in 40 years ago, fight for universal HC in US - I use Parallels Desktop on my Mac to boot windows, works well for MLS and other win only software. Yep, its pretty good for a free one. But getting from my Parallels VM to a one is a bit painful... Finally got around to using Adobe BrowserLab for real testing. So far, very excellent experience. No need to open Parallels this week. My Mac is still incredibly pleasant to use - except when I run Parallels. And then I'm in suckville. Installing Windows for dual use in Boot Camp Parallels on my ewife's Macbook. Gives the expression "a whole bag of a new dimension. I love what you're doing Billy. Are you going to publish these eventually? We should some visual parallels. narration. weird, running windows under parallels on my mac... caps lock made lower case letters and no shift made capitals
In NYC again this week. Dinner tonight with Bob Wilson, one of conservation's most generous and provocative donors. In NYC again this week. Dinner tonight with Bob Wilson, one of conservation's most generous and provocative donors.
Former Judge Alteri & recent murder/suicide stunt by connected cop, explain how judge abused the laws, O.O.P. on crime victim by attacker... I am a man. I refused to be abused or misused. this if you have a pair. I am a man. I refused to be abused or misused. this if you have a pair. you know who else does? Webster's Dictionary & Thesaurus. They never thought they'd be abused to such degree. if its not the dress code and gear.. or the lingo and lifestyle .. its the SWAG.. that word has been abused and desocrated.. *sigh* you know elders that have been abused? Have them speak out and share their stories like others in vid Abused,org - Ending Todat at sedo hates to see kallang being abused liddat. [Conroe News] Dinner to help abused children: On the last leg of raising money to fund a n.. JoinASPCA.org If you can give to save abused animals please go there and sign up and give what you can. Thanks everyone. Dog Bounty Hunter JoinASPCA.org If you can give to save abused animals please go there and sign up and give what you can. Thanks everyone. MSNBC CNBC JoinASPCA.org If you can give to save abused animals please go there and sign up and give what you can. Thanks everyone. CBS ABC NBC CNN And here we thought was just poor and abused... I'm SHOCKED...SHOCKED that (political) gambling is going on in here!! JoinASPCA.org If you can give to save abused animals please go there and sign up and give what you can. Thanks everyone. Fox News Glenn Beck i won't go on about it, but unions were great in the industrial age when workers were abused, now i think they drive down indu Each year the BC SPCA helps more than 36,000 injured, abused and homeless animals across BC. Larry King Live - LARRY STUDIES SHOW 25% OF GIRLS R SXULY ABUSED BY FAMILY.13% R BY DAD.THATS WHAT THEY KNOW.ALOT NVR TELL!WHAT IS THE R ... In the story about the abused wife, just when she is precariously back on her feet, her life patched back together... Just doesn't men in any way they'd want to see themselves. Most of the men abused their wives. I feel like a pencil. Most used and abused but still never I guess I am just a $2 whore on dollar day....or something like that Abused dog behavior -all your friends will have a rough time when they pay you a visit Transmission finally blew. Abused it so much. That was long time ago. What the fuck, my poor damn feet are so abused! I keep cutting them open. It & seriously, how do I manage that from my BED? Now we have an abused wife singing about how she won't leave. That could be modern hip-hop! shes been raped abused n all her tears come down my face. i havent been raped but i was abused n many ti ... Narconon Launches 'Operation Medicine Cabinet' in Georgia - Prescription Drugs Commonly Abused Targeted - Drug Rehab As someone who has dealt with so many abused children and young adults, THANK YOU for this. I love your YA work, too. A night of fun with Oscar and Sonya Rich and a whole bunch of composers. And not ONE jar of peanut-butter was abused. Not one. that would be magical. Unrelated: I should have abused your taxi service for a Cookout run, just realized I'm starving ADHD Drugs Are Used To Get High - Common Drugs Used For ADHD Are Often Abused BAC has been miss-used and abused from top to bottom on the MER deal. Students at one-in-five risk of being abused .. I'm pretty sure it only goes to kids who have been domestically abused. I don't think you'd qualify. Students at one-in-five risk of being abused .. I don't wanna sing no single mama blues- im not singin look at me i've been abused... .@sarajchipps The MVP program is not all bad, it is just a) abused and b) filled with more ancient white guys than a retirement home I guess if you have the same email address for like 10 years .. i guess it is gonna get abused. AV and SPAM filtering FTW ! kitty is being a cuddle tease. it's like an abused child i must have patience with. stop being scared and CUDDLE WITH ME NOW. pshh be kickin me foo even threw tha comp im gettin abused lmao S. Africa's POWA offers shelter and counselling services to abused women, rape victims: (011) 642 4345 S. Africa's POWA offers shelter and counselling services to abused women, rape victims: (011) 642 4345 Were we abused as children while reading this book or something? Geeeeze. I'm a teacher. P\T interviews suck. If you're not being abused, or questioned about what you're teaching, you're dead bored. PROACTIVE PREVENTION: If we all keep r EYES & EARS OPEN 4 SIGNS THAT A CHILD IS ABUSED, many young lives could b saved. U can't stop lookin at a lifetime movie. Does lifetime show only women being murdered,beaten, just all around abused? ...seek out the nameless for they are the ignored, the abused, the used, and the oppressed.
awesome day at placement 2day got 2 do clinical stuff! Clinical Pharmacist - Pharmacy - Illinois Get Pharmacist Jobs Still studying! Code scenarios today in lieu of clinical. I'm pretty nervous, but at least it's not a real pt. Also, anyone need a SNT? =) The Writing on the Wall: An Interactive Medical Case related to this Clinical Problem-Solving is availa.. Yahoo! HotJobs: Electronic clinical trials con-United Information Techno-Los If you want to join/learn about a clinical trial for scar treatment, here's a great finder you can use: Book Review Look at suicide is both clinical and personal: We needed her.'' Bill Williams is a freelanc.. htt ... FALL MENU ARRIVING SOON! More clinical treatments and highly effective natural products to serve your holistic ski... Resverlogix RVX-208 exceeds expectations in Phase 1b/2a clinical trial Resverlogix RVX-208 exceeds expectations in Phase 1b/2a clinical trial: Resverlogix Corp. announced today that .. Healthcare Business Analyst - Clinical Informatics Soooo excited I found a ride to clinical! I won't have to get up at 4, be out the house by 4:30 and stuck on a bus for an hour & a 1/2!!!! Today I became a PhD student officially. The subject is clinical genomics or personalized genetics. Big change after medschool... Pharmacist Clinical Oncology Specialist - Top Echelon Network - Atlanta, GA: Atlanta is the Capitol city of the.. Had NH lymphoma. Qualified for clinical trials. BlueCross/BlueShield refused testing needed for bone marrow transplant Drinking hot chocolate and staying up late writing my Clinical Psych paper. Updated my Fitness and Health blog with Learn About Clinical Depression Survey . Penelitian . Clinical test . Kuliah . Makalah . Protocol system . Presentasi . Arghhh dunia perkuliahan apa iniii, sananabich ! Therapeutic Strategies in Diabetes - Clinical Publishing Services. bout to iron my clinical uniform then bedtime<3 If you'd like 2 read my story, please visit click on clinical studies & more. very good reading on liquid nutrition. New post: Clinical Trials Update: Sept. 30... SAP contracts Sth Am (IT) CLINICAL DATA MANAGER w/Oracle Clinical & RDC Oracle Clinical ex:.. geeting ready to sleep i have a clinical in the morning. Health Finder: Clinical Trials Update: Sept. 30, 2009 Full 14 hour clinical day.. Sooo tired!! ... Hundreds of adults & children volunteer nationwide clinical trials experimental flu vaccine Book Review Look at suicide is both clinical and personal: We needed her.'' Bill Williams is a freelanc.. on the air: "The Hep Imp Show" [rock, 2hr, The Hep Imp Show: Clinical music for a diseased world.. Siren songs... If you want to join/learn about a clinical trial for scar treatment, here's a great finder you can use: Ice packs :( this better stop by 2morrow! 100 hour clinical shift Is there a more holistic or clinical way to deal with addicts & crackhouses in the 'hood? Any recommended reading? The Writing on the Wall: An Interactive Medical Case related to this Clinical Problem-Solving is availa.. Powerful Benefits of Barley's Beta-Glucan for Diabetes: Findings from clinical trials showed that people who at.. Yahoo Health: Clinical Trials Update: Sept. 30, 2009 (HealthDay) Yahoo Health: Clinical Trials Update: Sept. 30, 2009 (HealthDay) Yahoo Health: Clinical Trials Update: Sept. 30, 2009 (HealthDay) Yahoo Health: Clinical Trials Update: Sept. 30, 2009 (HealthDay) Yahoo Health: Clinical Trials Update: Sept. 30, 2009 (HealthDay) Yahoo Health: Clinical Trials Update: Sept. 30, 2009 (HealthDay) Book Review Look at suicide is both clinical and personal Cellulite Cream Reviews-Cellulean Gel Gets Rid Of Cellulite : Women troubled with cellulite can now buy clinical-str.. clinical psychology.. Supervisory Clinical Psychologist - Browning, MT, 59417, USA (#jobs).. I'm so tired and I still have clinical psychology homework to do :( dammmn doin my 11pm-7am clinical..going to all the different ER's for suicide attempts & psych stuff.. if your up late shoot me a text Definitely science drone, not the head by any means. Clinical trials analysis, primarily. No mucking around w/the data.
coffee shop boys don't like me remember? :C lol but Bus stop models sure do!! ^_^ well, new Brandon pics from the Paper Magazine just made my morning a little better :) see? I don't need much to feel good ... heyy how do you like it? can i have you if you don't mind :) anybody remember a song called "don't disturb this groove" by a band called the system? just found it while rummaging thru some old cds. :) umm, what I meant was *why* AUDA doesn't respond is that if .org.aus are correctly registered - they don't care whats on the site? :) Detroit: Who could use a vacation? You're lying if you don't say it's you! :) Good thank you :) and don't blame your bad spelling on your big hands.. Lol, jk okay? xD haha! I'm better than you, at least I don't talk to myself and tell the world that I'm wasting my life! :) aren't you sleeping?! Hmmm? Supernatural season 3, Guitar, my many cds needed or a new cellphone, Gah which one. I don't know. Supernatural :) lol I don't ever sleep :D sister sounds fun! Talking too much can be good :D lol. Are you guys close in age? lol. I love my life! Don't you? :) Maybe you could use that excuse when he replies. "Oh, crap. I sent that? I'm so sorry. I was drunk. Don't think any of it." :D What? You don't sleep naked? Darn! lol. You look good in everything. You are sophisticated that way. :) WTF? Don't tell Kevin, but I think I DO like girls. he he : ) But why? I don't think you've looked better. =) oh yeah, that's right. my bad tho. ^-^ oh really?I don't have the dvd kasi eh. i just watched it online. :) ooh, lit inspiration HEY, GOTTA TELL THE TRUTH....DON'T I?? LOL. BUT HEY, IF U PREFER LIES....I'LL DO DAT 4 U 2....CUZ ITZ ALL ABT WHT U WANT! :) WTF? Don't tell Kevin, but I think I DO like girls. he he : ) New York: Who could use a vacation? You're lying if you don't say it's you! :) "I don't mind if they're sitting and floating next to me but to be walking and floating? Yeah That's Fucking weird." LMAO love my sister :) .@cityrat59 Time to chill out ;) ? Nah, don't think so. I think, now, the heat, really, I would say Really! begins! Oct1. tee on :) You're very welcome, my pleasure! I don't see you FOLLOWING ME yet?? What a shame...no love?? :) how about a walk instead? I don't own a bike :( if I did, I'd want one with streamers on the handlebars!!!!! :D Pittsburgh: Who could use a vacation? You're lying if you don't say it's you! :) Who could use a vacation? You're lying if you don't say it's you! :) HAPPYLAND! :D don't we all wish we lived there????? :// ... Well, I don't have an invite email from Google yet, so I must beg :-) Anyone with an invite who can nominate me? Did my response not go through? Shit! Anyways...don't sweat the phone, hun! I'm glad you enjoyed the cinematic event! :-) Ttyt! Hello, I'm NeMeSiS ... You don't like me?? Fuck you, very very much :) devil's advocate kind of character? i dunno, give him time. I get why u don't like him, I hated him too. :D SUCH A GREAT SHOW!! i honestly don't know what 'down to means anymore. anyone care to explain without making me puke? and 'm dead serious :) I don't suppose you'd be keen on passing invites to those of us less well connected? :) No iPod?! Don't trip.. Go wit what u know.... :) Mee :) shit...I don't wanna go 2 sleep...who up wit us? You don't have any invites to Google Wave do you? :D yeah! i'll give it to you saturday :D but, i don't mean drama, i just mean something exciting ya know? *a fair number of folks don't have a clue about Google Wave. Wow, where have you all been? :) See for details. Wave I send you a friend request on twitter. Will you accept? If you don't, I understand. :) i'm glad I don't, but i think i have perfect relative pitch ;) but thank you - it's not personal :) you have Perfect Pitch? What's the best date to bring on a picnic? One who will arch her back so your balls don't get grass-stained. :) So don't you have to leave SF like at 2 or something? Do you know what time it is? :) Mrs. Richie always wins her battles :-) so don't MESS with the pro...^.^ agreed?? Do you seriously Ted? Tell me what you don't like. :) hihihiiii did I make it to the last 30th? even if I don't I really appreciate you doing this : ) seriously? You're the envy of half of nerddom and you don't know what you've got? :) Denver: Who could use a vacation? You're lying if you don't say it's you! :) What time does Surprize Attack go live? i have class in AM and don't want to pull an all nighter if it's not live tonight. :-) don't you need a sidekick for that? :D
Hey all, do you have a question about sleep? Now is the time to ask it! Select is answering them now Do you have a question about Now is the time to ask it! Select is answering them now have you seen Kirk Cameron's (Ray sometime sidekick) new Crocoduck have you seen Kirk Cameron's (Ray sometime sidekick) new Crocoduck have you seen Kirk Cameron's (Ray sometime sidekick) new Crocoduck Anyone know where I can get a copy of Ray mutilated copy of "On the Origin of Species"? 50k propaganda-filled copies exist.
ALASKA MATSU VALLEY house/petsitter avail NOW-4/2010 We care 4 plants & mail forwarding 2. non smoker,no drugs or alcohol. DeeAnn also managed to set her Smoker on fire at one point, and he wandered around for a while, hacking & coughing & burning. Hilarious! Sukurin.. At with the smoker guys. Uhuk, uhuk.. 1997 Honda Prelude SH Super nice (Exc. Spgs) $6200 - 1997 Honda Prelude SH H22, 5spd w/ATTS, v-tec, non-smoker, 140... yes the black... ahhhh... imma black n mild smoker... can't help dat Mark Twain was a chain-smoker, 40 cigars a day for the last years of his life, Nice choice. Although, I'd totally be going for the gasses wearing, slightly mysterious, coffee drinking, smoker. wooooow u smoke??? wow...smoker lol....ill definitly giv u sum filthy bars 2 make u go crzy lol.... Whoaaa , are you smoker ? :O At with the smoker guys. Uhuk, uhuk.. I just won a race against Ganja Smoker in Nitto 1320 Legends! Pregnant mums who smoke have a higher risk of psychotic kids. - hear tt, smoker mums?! my dad smoked while my mother carried me. she might be a 2nd hand smoker. gosh, i am psychotic. SHOCKING Pic have emerged of a boy who is a heavy smoker - at just four years of age If i became a pot smoker would that calm me down? Or is this just me? Irritated bitchy Vanessa! QS: Day 4 My main challenge is be able to visualise myself as a non-smoker and be ecstatic in that state. Always that has held me back. Hmm u knw :) if a smoker stops smoking for a day,then the next day,woh chain smoker ki tarha smoke karega :) so its bettr Of course the smoker have those gunpowder firework things that make a lot of noise If I was a smoker I wuda killed a pack of cigs today Dude, it's totally trippy! Enhancement smoker... Ah, the good life. venting over. i'm not even a smoker! how's about we ban soda & fried foods in restaurants. lower our attack rate even more, right? [vyb.net] Dear Smoker:: Seems like the only place smokers have left to engage in their habit is in the.. i said i'm not a eveyday smoker and naw no more lean I guess you needed a real cigar smoker to validate your opinion. =) If you say you are content and happy being a smoker and or overweight, does the lie make your reality tolerable? I could never wife a smoker....sorry Tonight is the last night people can smoke indoors in Montana. I'm not a smoker, but I felt compelled to come enjoy the final night of it. BBQ Beer Can Chicken - 'Cause That Chicken is One Cheap Date! | BBQ Smoker Lakeland Barbecue - Good Buddies BBQ Brings Championship 'Cue Downtown | BBQ Smoker Lakeland Barbecue - Good Buddies BBQ Brings Championship 'Cue Downtown | BBQ Smoker hahaha really? I like it alot and i'm not a weed smoker. Sorry you didn't like it :/ unbelievable.believe it.Doctor's shock at four-year-old smoker | It's A Funny World Please Digg: Four-year-old boy a heavy smoker | The Daily Telegraph Yes, the inside of my smoker on a hot summer day, smoking or not. Four-year-old boy a heavy smoker - .. Doctor's shock at four-year-old smoker sounds nice to me smoker lol A 10-lb slab o' pork on the smoker 4 wknd n'hood garage sale. Old = $1, killer pork sandwich = $3 ...if i were a smoker... Being a smoker in the winter months blows YEA!!! Another smoker! Smokers unite! ;-) SMOKER fined after 'annual' police raid. hey tom do you think that pic from the drama mag makes you look like a smoker even though the smoke is dry ice? Going to sleep.... Praying to be able to be stress free and not need meds or cigs to cope. I will be a Non-Smoker as of turning 23. SWEAR! btw: they have all been sick for no less than 3 weeks each. Stef, Marlene, Sandy, Donna.... but Im the only non smoker...its hang'n on 4 'em Tax Collector's Office Won't Hire Tobacco Users|"Being an ex-smoker, I can't deny that there (are) health risks .. (1/2) I quit almost 6 years ago, and it's the second best thing I've ever done. FTW. It stinks, and I won't date a smoker. Ick. hahahaha, the life of a smoker Itoh is my ultimate culmination of hot things. hair, smoker, rides a motercycle, good with kids, laid back, and HOT <3333
October has begun. I welcome you Autumn. Octobers symbolic flower is a beautiful bright yellow daisy named "Calendula" now that i think about it, i haven't had one in about 3 years... hhhmmmmm symbolic? New Just Listed: "My Salvation" by Jim LaSala.15x20 Black and White Symbolic Realism - Religous. $375. But in the larger scheme of things, I still think Obama is/was & historic on the symbolic level -- a cultural win. Because it's very complicated, there is going to be elation over the symbolic representation of the good & anger @ the mask. So on 1 level, Obama is a symbolic representation -- on the other hand, he is a colorful mask on the same old machine. it is symbolic. it was like a sacrifice to help it get sold...hopefully. fingers crossed You bled for my book? Wow. That's sweet. And of symbolic, even. Dropbox keeps getting better. Just discovered Symbolic links work on Linux and can be added to my Dropbox. Sweet! Symbolic moment: I turned up the fridge to cool my beers down, and subsequently froze the kids gallon of milk rock solid. Proposal of amnesty to all...including symbolic reinstatement of Zelaya for a day to name an interim 3 people committee to proceed elections The bullpen having a beer in the bullpen is another really great symbolic move. I take back my previous anti-celebration comments. a symbolic gesturetis shaking the pitcher's hand after he's beaned you with the for the 3rd game in a row. Great, symbolic gesture by Charlie to bring Lidge in. I love it! Confidence booster? 1 to go! God dammit Charlie... is it really necessary to bring in Brad Lidge for a symbolic last out to clinch? A 7 run lead isn't enough! What. A "symbolic gesture"? There are no symbolic gestures in baseball. ONE OUT # PHILLIES Brad Lidge..Symbolic? Supreme to take up issue of handgun ban in Chicago <- IMO Chicago ban is symbolic but doesn't prevent crime. [PROJECT] Handcarved Shepherd's Staff: Symbolic Story of the Holy Bible Carved into a Priest's Staff: .. "If you want a symbolic gesture, don't burn the flag; wash it." ~ Norman Thomas Well of to analyze Frankenstein and his physical feautures. A sccar is symbolic, and "its not just disease"- foster. "If you want a symbolic gesture, don't burn the flag; wash it." ~ Norman Thomas Thinking about tattooing Return To Sender on my forehead. Symbolic much? cool! tweets in cool symbolic language Blast from the past, using MinGW to compile a native fragment for canonicalizing paths in the presence of symbolic links. oh, C, I miss you. Intuitive are messengers. Their symbolic vocabulary originates from the infinite wisdom of higher spheres,... First post of a new Twitter account which is something of a symbolic statement of Impress Media's intent. New website to follow next week... Intuitive are messengers. Their symbolic vocabulary originates from the infinite wisdom of higher spheres,... I like how everything is symbolic in this book, because Woolf wants us to realize that we just make up symbols . . . likes Bat For Lashes, but this video is unsuccessfully symbolic, & is accidentally silly instead. yep. Mainstream users love to deal with things like symbolic links. :) Symbolic Sterling Silver Butterfly Jewelry, New Blog Post: Glory Days: As a day symbolic of the disastrous state of Cleveland comes to.. chemisty-what is symbolic notation!?!?! I find it symbolic that the escalator to the anthro floor is always broken Remember the three questions for the symbolic story representation are due before class tomorrow...on your wiki page. - symbolic of life: lost in translation The belt is just symbolic. The belt, as Snowflake says, is to just keep your pants up. I shaved my head. It's symbolic. Good to see Woodley giving Murdoch the bum's rush. Symbolic, but it looked good. Yeah its symbolic of what i used to have and can never have again..lion and lioness have connection for life nobody can take that away LOL..well i think it has a much better symbolic meaning. :) symbolic Symbolic as in things can be worse.. Imagine a movie in pink.. all over it.. my symbolic letter from now till the end of time as a whole is the letter (A) for many reasons.. super many reasons. wtf dude? Hostel! Be serious, I have questions... like what kinda symbolic meanings, example? I can't stay awake during monotone lectures ... especially when it's all metaphors and homonyms and symbolic literary bullshit. Chick flicks are fairy tales 4 adults Chick flicks are commercially disguised house movies w/ deeper symbolic meaning
Would like to point out that I kicked Geology's ASS today. Word to my lithic homies.
Bed. Work tomorrow and then heading to the rent's for a couple days for doctor's appointments. Then back to Philly for work again. Night. due tomorrow!At least my budget will allow me to go shoe shopping:)I hope...... due!At least my budget will allow me to go she shoe shopping:)I hope...... we have internet cafe's, but I was kinda busy so I don't rent. :s "You're rent's due, motherfucker. And don't be pullin' that fallin' down the stairs shit on me...you're conscious." Dancing around in my kitchen and singing to RENT'S "La Vie Boheme" while making breakfast = completely fun. Dancing around in my kitchen to RENT'S "La Vie Boheme" while making breakfast = completely fun. off to meet my family for dinner! It's great having the rent's in town! Spotted by Fredi Walker Browne of RENT's OBC at Roy Arias Dance Studios on 43rd between 7th and 8th Avenues. cleaning my room for my rent's lovely visit tomorrow....ahhhhhh my lifeee Hectic as usual here. Rent's due tomorrow, we need to pay everyone back that helped us so much, and my Halloween plans are looking pricey. Trying that route now. Rent's due on the first though. Just wait for xxx mins after,I'll take the school bus to go my rent's little room. Rent's due Oct 30. Gonna be 80k yen poorer soon, then. rent's coming back to il!! :) yes def in stl! you think will still be there? it won't be the same without i often like to take swigs of my rent's coffee mate (soo sweet/good!), but this one actually tasted like milk...most disgusting trick ever. It's a great day at Spanish Mission - Perfect weather! Rent's due soon and newsletter coming out tomorrow... be on the look out for it! yay for fall. it's the rent's 25th aniversary today. dinner with them tonight. mom's happy- she got a diamond aniversary band "I love payin' rent when the rent's due....." <-- That's my sh*t. I can't say I've ever heard a Tupac song I didn't like. Rent's due tomorrow. Does your roommate conveniently disappear come Rent Day, leaving you hanging? Rent's due on the 1st. Money tight? eHow offers these tips if you have to pay rent late this month: my rent s are yelling at me to get off.... lol is laughing at the multitude of hints michael left behind of his unsupervised drinking this past weekend. The RENT's are PISSED!!! Latest: Rent's due in a few days, everyone! Have you all remembered to change your a/c filters this month?3 months ago Precisely. But he is identified as activist in script. New question: why do Rent's gay men only have straight friends? Rent's due this week....damn! why do i feel like I'm always payin the damn rent??!! LOL! Well, come to Lagos, i'm sure you'll find your fill of exposed-breast warriors chillin/ in trees. Rent's up cheaper there. Sat down to pay the 'rent's bills, and realized they have one stamp. Daughter FAIL. 's Everything We Had, 's Darlin, 's I'll Cover You (reprise) and Without You hanging out just woke up a little while ago, about to get ready and head on over to the bf's rent's house, have a good day everyone! hanging out about to get ready to go over the bf's rent's house. Have a good day everyone! ... bout to piano it up at the rent's church. Anyone want to go to Newspring with me @ 4:30? Cat not impressed with all these people walking around her house (potential tenants, rent's gone up to ridiculous so we're not staying on). and how are they not close to being homeless when their door is padlocked b/c no rent's been paid? Thinks he has a place to stay in DC, in a week, w/ $700 month-to-month rent. S week or so more o' couch-surfing, then move-in. Yay! anyway there is a with all my rent's friends at the moment and I am not allowed down stairs Shit...I'd love to get my hands on ur Mystery Package, but rent's due on the 1st...I have to work something out :) Move to the Heights! Rent's cheap when girls say "no" in cute Spanish accents it doesn't quite so much making hummus and eating lunch and buying blinds for the bedroom then heading to the rent's for the game. Roll Tide! Imagine these people, upon graduation, holding a real job. "Mom, dad, may I have a loan please? Rent's due".. New police substation coming downtown to 2nd St. District. Rent's free and the building is prime location for EMS/APD. grillin hot dogs at my rent's house then probably hanging out with chillin at the rent's house with my brother. surfin the and doing laundry Unless rent's due! ;) I don't know anyone in the restaurant industry who ever actually says "TGIF!!!" is 20!!! Who hoo! lol The rent's gave me a bootiful bouquet of roses(: (RIP MJ) ... is 20!.. is 20!!! Who hoo! lol The rent's gave me a bootiful bouquet of roses(: (RIP MJ) ...
AGE OF AUTISM: Blockbuster Primate Study Shows Significant Harm from One Dose of a Mercury-Containing Vaccine requires strong dose of caffeine!!! Now!!! requires strong dose of caffeine!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ok so I took one dose fell asleep like a light switch but now i'm up again. what do I do. Cryin. what if she dose something, . SO SCAREDD! i cant loose HER!~ ... Cryin. what if she dose something, BYE! im donee ... I just got done watching a healthy dose of X-play :D Having my weekly dose of Gossip Girl. "You know you love me, XOXO... Gossip Girl" to go over dose already! lol Daily dose of "Dog eat Doug": Loading my weekly dose of and podcasts onto my iPod. At least bad traffic isn't a total loss. I'M FUCKING 16! DOSE NOT EVEN FEEL LIKE MY SOMEONE WAKE UP AND CELEBRATE WITH ME! AHAHAHAHA.... :D:D:D:D Daily dose: Nothing is impossible to a willing A daily dose of postings from The Chronicle's technology blog ...: OnLive's technology allows video gam.. Golf: Omahan's dose of reality (Omaha World-Herald): J.R. Reyes of Omaha didn't think he looked too goofy in th.. i am considering another dose of caffeine... just to keep me going til home time. There's nothing wrong with God that a dose of reality won't cure! mmm... this reminds me that I'm due for a heavy dose of STs. <3 U not n school or have a job? Smh not a good look ( smh 2 dose ppl) LOL...i neva said i did none of dose things now did i????=) If Low Dose Naltrexone has helped U for ANY condition, pls contact LDNResearchTrust w/your story I had the best daily dose of Rasberry!! 2 day lol ... will wash the dishes, dose a little nap then meet angel & ate later :) Pour me a heavy dose of atmosphere. Inspirational story about what 6 feet & a healthy dose of intention can do: It itches...what itches? IT ITCHES...what dose !! 8 Inches! ...ohhhhh ayyy ayyy doin me dose of reality okay time to stop writing and get my nightly dose of Jerry, George, Elaine, and Kramer... The 31 days of October begins in just a bit- look for a daily dose of Halloween ... grrrr new episode of Glee on America TV right now. Where is the torrent people we need our dose A daily dose of postings from The Chronicle's technology blog ...: OnLive's technology allows video gam.. your baby sister dose :P hehee I am the hip hop socialist.Life is a gamble and I'm all about my poker chips. Do you want a dose of this? I wil ... morning Jenny, it's getting sweet dream time for me too, but I may have to get in my dose of Texas Holdem first. A daily dose of postings from The Chronicle's technology blog ... He would be an alcoholic by age 2 LOL... that's the only thing I haven't tried. His nightly dose of benadryl doesn't do it :-/ Lovely evening with my favorite New Yorker, Sometimes you need a little dose of the NY spirit. yo yall how dose my new default look?? >> said I need to change it Ask your women friends if its more fun to follow or ignore your little fun-e plans? IM SO BORED< UP MY DOSE ALREADY!!! >>>>>DUH just my daily dose of youtube and going to bed Daily dose of cereal.. Yummy i this habit exactly one year ago.. Hahah x] Aw.......yes. Yes she dose!! half a dose of nyquil. Or vodka. Your choice. when stressed, a good dose of cold milk and gene simmons family jewels should do the trick. got my dose of nylon mag!. sorry i took so long but soon enough they'll get a dose of OUR reality :) the difference between medicine and poison is the dose HA HA I SEE IT NOW...It Dose Look Like Onch LMAOOOOO OMG!
Google fueling the SEO cottage indstry and finally respecting content diffusion. Introduces Canonical URLs Adding Google's new canonical url tag to client websites Tip:having duplicate content problems? Try canonical URLs. Do we ever see the same sense of community in the post canonical age that we saw in the ancient matrix? Canonical should create something equivalent to the Apple Design Award and give it out at UDS or LinuxCon or something. ive just bookmarked. Learn about the Canonical Link Element in 5 minutes ive just bookmarked. Official Google Webmaster Central Blog: Specify your canonical If these texts are an of the development of canonical I'd say it's a big deal. Canonicalization series, 2: Detecting canonical problems - - new blog post Sparse canonical correlation analysis for identifying, connecting and completing gene-expression networks: TheSocialNet: Auntie: IBM, Canonical and ZSL Launch Client for Work - PR Inside So, Windows quits on me again. At least I got a shiny Ubuntu CD in the mail today. Thanks Canonical. Everything my cd-d burns is corrupted. Auntie: IBM, Canonical and ZSL Launch Client for Work - PR Inside Finnall is not necessarily canonical. see the wowwiki with Metzen's thoughts on her. IBM, Canonical and ZSL Launch Client for Work - PR Inside: 2009-09-30 22:56:37 - ARMONK, NY and JOHANNESB.. Canonical's Jerone Young demos the new Ubuntu Moblin Remix at Intel Developer Forum -> Canonical commutation relation of ladder operators as solution for stationary states of the quantum harmonic oscillator. UGH! greetings,which of the meyer repos for Susy is the "canonical" repo? which of the meyer's repos is the canonical Susy plugin? I am going to ask her her thoughts on TP directing her canonical work. Tip:having duplicate content problems? Try canonical URLs. Duplicate content can be handled differently now, using a new approach: on via - Canonical Link Rel Great post: Avoiding Canonical Problems on Your Site Canonical Tag Vs. 301 Redirect Dont get penalized by Google: Google and the Canonical Link Rel Hmm, time for an X-Canonical header? If you want to order a hoody (greater than 2x) from the store you have to order around 15. My student Yui Man Lui won the best student paper award for "Canonical Stiefel Quotient and its.." at BTAS 2009 and presents it later today. Hmm, time for an X-Canonical header? just wanna say rel="canonical" you are a diamond in the rough! Oldest Living Things in The World (Pictures): Besides the canonical Bristlecone Pine, there are many other organism .. just recieved my package from canonical containing my merchandise! That stuff rocks! In case you missed it: fellow Googler Greg Grothaus gives good gab about rel=canonical: know to be related, like *sugar. There's the problem with coming up w/canonical version - shouldn't just be 1st found. revamping and with new canonical site structures -- big fun! Oh: IBM, Canonical target emerging markets - IDG NEWS Canonical URL Tag - What Is It?: Perhaps one of the most principles in search engine optimziation is .. Canonical SEO: Perhaps one of the most principles in SEO is to ensure that each of your site's URLs a.. LinuxCon: Disponible la charla de Mark (Canonical/Ubuntu) - Sherlock Holmes And John Watson A Friendship In Canonical Fidelity canonical re-directs video from Greg Grothaus a Google engineer. This is a must watch for any Search marketer.
In the world of emoticons, I am colon capital D this morning! :D :D :D :D :D :D--- Big Bang Theory reference? how's your colon? :D excited for the new episode of The Big Bang Theory tonight. How excited you ask? Colon Dee :D excited! do u ever watch "big bang theory"? a line on last weeks episode: "in the world of emoticons I would be colon-capital D!" :D hehe people that include colon followed by right closed bracket to read :) in emails, what is that about?? stop it please :) What if I said those smiley face things out loud? Like "colon close parentheses" :) "dash underscore dash" -_- Oo, good selection. Have you read Eats, Shoots and Leaves? Nice discussion of the semi-colon. :) LOL, I'm all ears when to us colon v. semi colon? i would LOVE to explain semicolons to you today :) (@grammargirl) In honor of a friend of mine, what emoticon would you be today? TODAY, I am colon, right parentheses. :)
I just used the temperature (coz we use Celsius here) - it's apparently 93.2F in Sydney at the moment (34C) Forex Apocalypse: 60% Commission For Our 1-in-8 New Blog Post: MP3 to iPhone Ringtone Software New blog post: MP3 to iPhone Ringtone Software 4Easysoft DVD to FLV Online PDF Using Today, there is a friend need help to pdf documents into word.. I wonder if its something to watch on tv with this punk ass box. On Nuit Blanche now: CS: ExRIP, Expected RIP: Conditioning of The Modulated Wideband New download:: MS Word To HTML 3.35 Handbrake is the best around! Currency : A simple currency to help with money exchange. free online pdf ubuntu-restricted-extras, compizconfig-settings-manager, compiz-fusion-icon, Gnome-do, screenlets, Travel Voltage Power Adapter 220/240 110/120V: US $0.01 (0 Bid) End Date: Thursday Oct-01-2009 8:10:3.. Download Sothink SWF To Video Download PDF To Image Download Leawo MP4 to Video Damn.... My youtube to iPod is a speed demon tonight! It's through 8 of 62 videos on its list. Should be done by morning!! :D WINAVI DVD MPG WMV to IPOD PSP MP4 not sure where we will be. But thanks for posting that time I just used it! Baixar Any DVD Professional 3.7.8 Vupoint film slide digital 21st century life is more fast then the 20th century life. Technology is at it.. 4Easysoft DVD to MPEG MSE detected a Trojan in a .strings resource file assoicated with an old beta of Office XML Do you want details? WEBAPP: Currency : A simple currency to help with money exchange. Pow! Dynex USB to Parallel Printer Cable 6-Foot :: $1.95 $39.99$3.99 shippingExp: T.. Currency : A simple currency to help with money exchange. mehn still looking for senior design project , its looking like AC/Dc help cc dtvanswers:Dish bDTV/b Pal Box TR-40 BRAND NEW NIB Twitter Power and make $125 today, FREE Forex Apocalypse: 60% Commission For Our 1-in-8 Keyword = forexapoc Thanks! I know you have to them to other video types. I downloaded a but I can't find where it's putting them. If SAVE $50.12 - Canon TL-H37 37mm 1.5x Telephoto Lens for HR10, HF10, HV10, HF100 Camcorders $109.88 Get: uSeesoft Video to YouTube 1.5.0.3 Apparently i connected a singlemode media to a multimode fiber strand by mistake.OH NOES THE WORLD IS DONE FOR! RUN FOR YOUR LIFE! App: Measures - Unit von Media | NEW APP! --- Currency : A simple currency to help with money exchange. Download: uSeesoft Video to WMV 1.5.0.3 Read how to pdf to Ms word online Download: uSeesoft Video to YouTube 1.5.0.3 Perfect solution for your MP4 players, MP4 Video My blackberry can hold some music. But I can't get a working headset jack to turn 2.5mm hole into 3.5mm so my earbuds fit. LAME. 4Easysoft DVD to MOV File: uSeesoft Video to YouTube 1.5.0.3 Download: uSeesoft Video to WMV 1.5.0.3 File: uSeesoft Video to WMV 1.5.0.3 Able Fax Tif View 3.1.9.30: FAX, TIF (TIFF), PDF, EPS, AI, DCX, DIC viewer and offers you a full sol.. Get: uSeesoft Video to WMV 1.5.0.3 Perfect solution for your MP4 players, MP4 Video iFunia DVD to iPhone 2.1.0.0820
the specter of Socialisms collapse in Communists!! the specter of Socialism's collapse in Europe: the specter of Socialism's collapse in Europe: A little late to the but made it in time for The Train Wrecks & Uncle Charlie for benefit the of Sally Specter! The Old River Road - Blogging Louisiana & Its Politics: Jindal does his best Arlen Specter impression: On h.. I've always looked in through your glasses, but all I could see, is the specter of me reflected. The empty shell of me. Beck leads in raising specter of Chicago cronyism to attack bid for Olympics I believe it is Sen Specter who holds the keys to Einhorn's prison doors. I still believe that Ira is innocent, framed. Is it just me, or does the actress playing Silk Specter have the acting range of a damn pretty cardboard box? Civic Action: Sen. Arlen Specter: the JUSTICE Act! Fix the & FISA: Se.. Beck leads conservative media in raising specter of Chicago ... - Media Matters for America - Civic Action: Sen. Arlen Specter: the JUSTICE Act! Fix the & FISA: Se.. Senate Cap and Trade Bill Even More Extreme Than House Bill: For Horror Film Buffs, Specter of Collectibles Fraud I am going to be Krissy in wonderland for Halloween hehe. Then the Silk Specter Since i loves Watchmen. mines better, i am within feet of the silk specter II costume, and the guy from hangover just walked in the cafe you have a very small black specter in your home Senate Explores DSHEA Value Enforcement: Specter put the bodybuilding supplement market at around $2.5 billion .. Flash Beck leads conservative media in raising specter of Chicago cronyism ... - Media Matters Direct link to ACLU's action for Committee vote tomorrow. Call Direct link to ACLU's action for Committee vote tomorrow. Call Senate Cap and Trade Bill Even More Extreme Than House Bill: Beck leads conservative media in raising specter of Chicago cronyism to attack Obama's bid for Olympics - $30 From Raising $5k 2day. Help Us Win Next November. Donate Now!: News: Beck leads conservative media in raising specter of Chicago ... FDA, DEA Bear Brunt Of Specter's Wrath Over Steroid "Supplements" I'll fix it . I'll change Silk Specter II into the Silhouette and you into a pretty nurse . Beck leads right-wing media in using specter of Chicago cronyism to attack Obama's bid for Olympics Senate Cap and Trade Bill Even More Extreme Than House Bill: Senate Cap and Trade Bill Even More Extreme Than House Bill: Senate Cap and Trade Bill Even More Extreme Than House Bill: Senate Cap and Trade Bill Even More Extreme Than House Bill: They have personal accounts for their mailings, Specter wants $500,000 slush fund set aside. - FIRE'EM ALL They have personal accounts for their mailings, Specter wants $500,000 slush fund set aside. Glenn Beck leads conservative media raising specter Chicago cronyism attack Obama's bid for (via Beck leads conservative media in raising specter of Chicago cronyism to attack Obama's bid for Olympics - Team Toomey is $30 From Raising $5,000 Today. Help Us Win Next November. Donate Now!: no to Specter Yeah- she needs to pull a specter and go join her true I have had enough. Most covered lawmakers of 2009: Ted Kennedy, Roland Burris, Nancy Pelosi, Arlen Specter, Al Franken & Joe Wilson. Beck leads conservative media in raising specter of Chicago ...|For instance, Glenn Beck advanced baseless .. leads cons. media in raising specter of Chicago cronyism to attack Obama's bid for Team Toomey is $30 From Raising $5,000 Today. Help Us Win Next November. Donate Now!: no to Specter Team Toomey is $30 From Raising $5,000 Today. Help Us Win Next November. Donate Now!:
What a looooong day. Still going strong. Cori has been a tremendous laborer. I'm glad I am a man. New Green Job Posted on eco.ORG -- Material Handler/Laborer. jobs, job, job, ... Laborer with Carpenter helper Exp. (British Neded to next week onsite. Labourer with carpenter h.. Newfoundland Jobs Laborer - Commonwealth of Pennsylvania - Pittston, PA: Interested candidate .. I'm with the union, we're on strike, the man you encountered in the plain is a scab laborer, can you describe him? ROUSTABOUT [roust-uh-bout] -noun- a wharf laborer or deck hand I'm packing my things and hopefully becoming a day laborer working on Gaudi's Sagrada Familia. And then watching some horror movies. Thank You Note to a Child Laborer Thank You Note to a Child Laborer Laborer (Manassas): Looking for a laborer to work tomorrow, Thurs. 10/1 in Manassas. Job consists of carrying h.. ha ha ha well at least you got me a mexican laborer like you promised A Tongue and Cheek "Thank You Note to a Child Laborer" I met a 12 year old chinese sweat shop laborer and all I got was this lousy Millwright Helper/Laborer Needed ASAP **Locals only in Brownville, Nebraska** Skilled Trades Services In need of several (two titles I was given as a bricklayer's laborer at 13 OK so this might sound messed up but : anyone know where I can find some day laborer's to paint my apt on Friday morning ? I know yall do Yahoo! HotJobs: Laborer Needed-Gulf Coast If I keep up this laborer lifestyle I'm going to need a lunchbox...... General Laborer/Packager: IA-Cedar Rapids, A packaging company in Cedar Rapids, IA is looking for a fast, hard .. Packager/General Laborer: IA-Cedar Rapids, A packaging company in Cedar Rapids, IA is looking for a fast, hard .. Packager/General Laborer: IA-Cedar Rapids, A packaging company in Cedar Rapids, IA is looking for a fast, hard .. Army and Air Force Exchange Service is Hiring: LABORER (STOCKER) (MINOT AFB, ND) Army and Air Force Exchange Service is Hiring: LABORER (STOCKER) (TRAVIS AFB, CA) Army and Air Force Exchange Service is Hiring: LABORER (STOCKER) (MCCHORD AFB, WA) Army and Air Force Exchange Service is Hiring: LABORER (MAXWELL AFB, AL) Army and Air Force Exchange Service is Hiring: LABORER (STOCKER) (USA) Army and Air Force Exchange Service is Hiring: LABORER (HILL AFB, UT) Some Chicago residents hoping Olympics bid a bust: Laid-off laborer Dennis Ries, 45, said the Olympics would br.. Proverbs16:26 A laborer's appetite makes him work harder, because he wants to satisfy his hunger. "The price of provisions used by laborer's family rose faster than wages during the period from 1500-1640" < Seems so common in US history.. Do we really have to go to work? Can't work just be a little more relaxed. Nope just another laborer of life. Could use your prayers...Need a little break down here Lord...It's me, your laborer in the vineyard... Photo: Afghanistan, September, 2009 - The Big Picture - An Afghan laborer at a brick factory in... Lmao.. nah Lani L0c don't play dat cleanin shit nomore lmaoo Alani is ur slave u child laborer lmaoo Alani is ur slave u child laborer how do you know he was a a day laborer? Laborer arrested on suspicion of sexual assault - OCRegister: 1. Ur a supervisior and you forget were u came from..you forget u as a crane operator or laborer and you don't know how to talk. i'm realizing my contract gig is almost up, which makes me nervous. anyone need a time laborer? my skills include writing and eating. i'm realizing my contract gig is almost up, which makes me nervous. anyone need a time laborer. my skills include writing and eating. Help Wanted: Loading laborer personnel (Springfield): We are currently seeking qualified.. Hiring: Laborer, Crew Leader (Berkeley, CA) Detroit Jobs Asphalt Screed Laborer - Belleville, MI: Skilled position involving control and operat.. Motivating meeting at Laborer's hall on Monday: Why need universal health insurance.
Mustafa Abu al-Yazid (AKA Sheikh Saeed), the general head of al-Qaeda in Afghanistan, issues video eulogizing Baitullah Mehsud. Patrick Kennedy Eulogizing Dad Teddy: Politicians Are Special People. Brennan eulogizing Ripley breaks my and makes me hug my dogs a little tighter than usual. Thanks for this touching scene . Thanks for letting me know. I was wondering who was eulogizing CPM. Morning roundup: Ayman al-Zawahiri releases new message eulogizing Baitullah Mehsud. I threw away a ton of porn from the early 90s a while back. I felt like Kirk eulogizing Spock at the end of Wrath of Khan. Sad to see Varitek struggle so badly at the plate and behind the dish. D.O and Eck eulogizing the demise. Red Sox captain all done So, tomorrow's Garfield concludes with a spider eulogizing "...Larry went with a smile on his face and the comics section on his face."
Agreed. Really? Really? You future endeavored someone who has worked his ass off since he joined the show? Exactly! Really? Really? You future endeavored someone who has worked his ass off since he joined the show? That's how people Really? Really? You future endeavored someone who has worked his ass off since he joined the Really? Really? You future endeavored someone who has worked his ass off since he joined the show? They were playing a future endeavored WWE Superstar's music in the background... can you guess whose?
new items on sweet and savory's menu!
Order a sample Gowns, Tassels, Caps Order a free sample Gowns, Tassels, Caps Order a sample Gowns, Tassels, Caps It aint like how it use to be but its enough foolishness in here...old man w/ the tassels still vibin, lol! yes! i have more where that came from, Wolfy Sibling..i say we all 3 get a pair that have fur on them with dead rabbits as tassels..yep i think i kno how im gonna make my mj costume for halloween...im thinking a sash with beeding and tassels and shit lol its gonna be hot "I REALLY need to take advantage of more of my connections."<-- tryin to get some pony boxing boots with the tassels "allie, would you like some tassels?" Trend Spring 2010, 1 .. tassels, black bags, big rings Halloween - we have nipple tassels for the adult Halloween for VEGAS BABY Rant over! Bring on the sparkles tassels west end and photographers :) x Blawg: Feathers and tassels oh my - Then finishing up putting the tassels on some pasties for some lovely ladies I met in nola. mailing them off hopefully today! I think you should do a striptease! I know all the CFers would love to see you in lime green nipple tassels! tassels tassels tassels they sway to the rythym of any beat....yes please tassel face We'll be at the New Albany Health Fair the end of October 4 Safe Kids, handing out info and FREE blind safety tassels! The tassels are removable! So if they play 'The Final Countdown' one more sodding time I shall stick them in my ears. ROFL - making it thunderstorm with tassels??! OMG! For those of you wanting to see the nipple tassels. And the night gallops on it's shadowy mare, shedding blue tassels over the land. - Pablo Neruda - G'nite twitterverse, take care o ur self! I have a thing for tassels. Thanku! Gone with the Wind, hollow glass spheres with chain tassels - - by ... i love them you gave us the wrong tassels Vintage 80s bright orange with tassels obi belt This kid has tassels on his loafers. Tassels. does this employee in question also wear face paint and/or arm tassels? does this employee in question also wear face paint and/or arm tassels? Purple Halloween Skull Tassels for decoration at.... Check out my Halloween Skull Tassels at .... Corn and Isolation at The Ladybug Letter: The tassels that stick out of the .. Tonite I'm performing my fire tassels act at Of Corsets and UK peeps...do me a favour? Look out for the over the knee boots in Primark, black, flat with tassels suede or leather in a 40...really need! Gone with the Wind, hollow glass spheres with chain tassels - - by ... i love them gratuitous movement here* Vote for Bill! |With tassels, you might actually beat I wear Glenlivet & Grey Goose as nipple tassels....hasn't enticed yet....I think he must be an ass man... ; ) Tassels provider C. Rashiwala Bros updated website on HelloTrade is talking about recessions, glass ceiling and nipple tassels - You know my motto: "Live on the fringe and swing from the tassels!" 10 creative ways to reuse graduation tassels: I've already stated my choice of attire "sparkly leotard with the shooting stars pattern and tassels"... Chacka BOOM chacka BOOM her contact odor of Ew De made her customers toss their cookies. BoomChackBoom *rolls tassels* clockwise. LOL Protip: Having gynecological stirrups mounted on your recliner is no less creepy just because you put little pink plastic tassels on them. today I'm wearing my sparkly leotard with the shooting stars pattern and tassels. "Sorry I can't go out tonight, but I forgot to pick up my nipple tassels from the cleaners." "Sorry I can't go out tonight, but I forgot to pick up my nipple tassels from the cleaners." he swayed me! he had titty tassels ! It's very Graham, but with tassels. Gigi Chantal Small Brown Tapestry Purse with Tassels - For sale at you can never go wrong with tassels. capitol pub quiz... lets see if we can win a better prize than nipple tassels this time!
clickindia_in just posted this job on Wanted Civil draftsmen/ Architects draftsmen job opening...first one in months...fingers crossed...ill miss dtown Looking for Experienced Costs Draftsmen to work in the West (UK) Currently having a 1-2-1 with Matt from Evolution, Probably Merseyside's best law costs draftsmen! clickindia_in just posted this job on Naresh Overseas Consultants Need for General Draftsmen ... Something Funny... : Practical Joke - Draftsmen Prank CAD Draftsmen: Minimum 5 years experience CAD draftsman with Mandarin language capabilities to assist senior ar.. Urs Fischer is good, at first got confused with Urs Graf! Now he was a great draftsmen but a really Nasty Nasty Man!
SAVE $12.01 - Speck Products See Thru Case for Pro 15-inch MacBook Aluminum Unibody/Black Keyboard (Clear)... - Polished aluminum finish, circa 1946: Hewson Rocket. ;-p Published a blog post: "Is There A Difference Between Putting Up Aluminum Hurricane Shutters Or Ho..." this: Audi A5 Aluminum Prototype Sheds 220-Pounds this: Audi.. Urethane just feels better when it's bonded to aluminum. this: Audi A5 Aluminum Prototype Sheds 220-Pounds this: Audi A5 Aluminum Prototype Sheds 220-Pounds make cones of aluminum foil or a reflective white board to focus light, add a lil smoke/fog to diffuse and outline rays hehe SAVE $11.84 - Speck Products See Thru Case for 13-inch MacBook Aluminum Unibody/Black Keyboard (Pink) $38.11 Using Aluminum Oxide Paint To Secure Wi-Fi Audi Tests Lightweight Aluminum-Construction A5 Prototype 5-1/4" Poultry Shears 11" Meat Fork with 5-3/4" Prongs aluminum case auction here **INFINITY hardcore blades SZ 7 ALUMINUM CHASIS hott speed roller blades SAVE $11.84 - Speck Products See Thru Case for 13-inch MacBook Aluminum Unibody/Black Keyboard (Clear) $38.11 ... SAVE $11.84 - Speck Products See Thru Case for 13-inch MacBook Aluminum Unibody/Black Keyboard (Clear) $38.11 Audi A5 prototype with aluminum and carbon fiber construction - Lightweight Audi A5 Prototype Drops 242 lbs: Testing out their aluminum Audi Space.. Audi A5 Aluminum Prototype Sheds 220-Pounds - - All store in their special 23" x 15-1/2" x 4-3/4" aluminum case exhaustion. sleep beats me about the head like a sawed off aluminum baseball bat. *THWACK* zzzzZZZ Free Shipping on all Gaiam Aluminum Water Bottles no minimum order. Expires 10.31.09 Aluminum Alloy Wheels manufacturer Baoding Lizhong Wheel Manufacturing Co. Limited updated website on HelloTrade COMMODITIES: Trade lower across the board with exception of Aluminum and Copper. Oil: -1.00%, Gold: -0.26%. recycle? Some facts on the Benefits of Aluminum Can Recycling >> that's awesome! did you get the classic macbook or the aluminum one? Some facts on the Benefits of Aluminum Can Recycling >> Shop @ WideStuff: Bon-Aire Original Ultimate Hose Nozzle (Aluminum) Gaiam Coupon: Free Shipping on all Gaiam Aluminum Water Bottles. Ends 10/31. 5-1/4" Poultry Shears 11" Meat Fork with 5-3/4" Prongs aluminum case SAVE $100! Apple 13.3" MacBook Intel Core 2 Duo 2.4GHz, 320GB, Aluminum unibody $1,579.99 (was $1,679.99) All store in their special 23" x 15-1/2" x 4-3/4" aluminum case 5-1/4" Poultry Shears 11" Meat Fork with 5-3/4" Prongs aluminum case All store in their special 23" x 15-1/2" x 4-3/4" aluminum case Yeah i got the 13" aluminum unibody. Buy Lead: Aluminum Sulfate to BUY: We need 400mt monthly of water treatment chemical - aluminum sulfat.. 41 LED Super Bright Aluminum Alloy Flashlight $6.99 5-1/4" Poultry Shears 11" Meat Fork with 5-3/4" Prongs aluminum case ALUMINUM SCOOTER - $ 20.77: WEIGHT: 7LB MSRP: 60 UPC Whether youre jetting back and across campus, runnin.. All store in their special 23" x 15-1/2" x 4-3/4" aluminum case 5-1/4" Poultry Shears 11" Meat Fork with 5-3/4" Prongs aluminum case New blog post: LG VX-5400 AA Battery Powered Emergency Cell Phone Travel Charger / Re-Charger in high grade Brushed Aluminum housing! ht ... New blog post: Philips Go Gear SA5287 AA Battery Powered Emergency Cell Phone Travel Charger / Re-Charger in high grade Brushed Aluminum ... New blog post: Samsung RANT AA battery Powered Emergency Cell Phone Travel Charger / Re-Charger in high grade Brushed Aluminum housing! ... New blog post: LG UX-585 AA battery Powered Emergency Cell Phone Travel Charger / Re-Charger in high grade Brushed Aluminum housing! htt ... it IS tin fol. aluminum...that's just dumb
the release will be restricted to seaside bugfixes, so not quite as ominous ... I'm still working on characterizing the problem yea because interrupting the president while hes addressing the ppl is the same as bluntly characterizing a opinion in a negative way Characterizing the "Disenchanted Voter": Seems like an interesting read! Michael Schlossmacher is speaking about characterizing alpha-synuclein as a biomarker for PD - read the abstract Social tagging in the life sciences: characterizing a new metadata resource for bioinformatics: CG-MALS technology for Characterizing Protein Inhibition in Solution Without Labeling or Immobilization CG-MALS technology for Characterizing Protein Inhibition in Solution Without Labeling or Immobilization Oh happy day!! New tobacco law bans cigarettes with flavors characterizing fruit, candy, or clove. Effective 9/22. so, 3rd chapter of my fic is almost done. wee! Characterizing Alex is so f--ing hard for some reason. :/ and one characterizing Zaroff. I'd like to see some comparing and contrasting with each other/first impressions The two paragraphs were from "The Most Dangerous Game". I want you to write a paragraph characterizing Rainsford...... "Social tagging in the life sciences: characterizing a new metadata resource for bioinformatics: Benjamin M..." Liked "Social tagging in the life sciences: characterizing a new metadata resource for bioinformatics: Benjamin M..." Liked "Social tagging in the life sciences: characterizing a new metadata resource for bioinformatics: Benjamin M..." Social tagging in the life sciences: characterizing a new metadata resource for bioinformatics Social tagging in the life sciences: characterizing a new metadata resource for bioinformatics is a misleading concept that pervades mathematical physics and becomes problematic when characterizing biophysics. Social tagging in the life sciences: characterizing a new metadata resource for bioinformatics if characterizing haughty dismissal (as opposed to reasoned argument) as petulance is ad hominem, so be it. It's sweet. ttfn. Characterizing environmental and phenotypic associations using information theory and electronic health records # ... Came *this* close to characterizing network centric technologies! Maybe characterizing a one-point Esks lead as huge was overstating. aww ty. :3 characterizing my favourite men in fics makes me like, a million times more in love/obsessed. Health care plan is generational theft: Characterizing the Democratic health care reform proposal as "gene.. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced today a ban on cigarettes with flavors characterizing fruit, candy, or clove. The ban, > Social tagging in the life sciences: characterizing a new metadata resource for bioinformatics - Source: 7thSpace - Liked "Social tagging in the life sciences: characterizing a new metadata resource for bioinformatics" Liked "Social tagging in the life sciences: characterizing a new metadata resource for bioinformatics" IBS is a ultrasonic method for characterizing myocardial tissue; Social tagging in the life sciences: characterizing a new metadata resource for bioinformatics Social tagging in the life sciences: characterizing a new metadata resource for bioinformatics Characterizing typical Picks readers: Outpick the Picker Think you can outpick the Picker? Take him on every we.. The DFL REALLY put out a press release characterizing Michele Bachmann as moving to the middle? Did the DFL REALLY put out a press release yesterday characterizing Michele Bachmann as moving toward the middle? Continued the MAPD step test. Spent awhile characterizing a valve today, which was fun! Gotta work tomorrow on my off Friday :( Wyatt Technology Uses Composition Gradient Multi-Angle Light Scattering for Characterizing Protein Inhibition for characterizing others as lames... Moran: Optimize promotional spend thru use of APLD data characterizing patients & MDs- Focus on Rx decisions can impact -not TRxs PULSE: Who Needs Clean Water?: Correctly characterizing the Gaza strip in a typology of repressive institutions.. pulse Who Needs Clean Water?: Correctly characterizing the Gaza strip in a typology of repressive institut.. word Procrustean, marv adj characterizing ruthless demand for conformity; think Procrustes who stretched/cut guests legs to fit bed Tulsa World >> Characterizing typical Picks readers Characterizing typical Picks readers Characterizing typical Picks readers Almost Touching: nanosize gap electrodes for characterizing single-molecule organic electronics.
Look, SGU is the "Skeptic's Guide to the Universe" podcast. "Stargate" doesn't even HAVE AN INTERCAP. Madville Times: Pass ACESA III: A Skeptic's Question -- Market ... Skeptic's Corner: Water Worries: In California, solar developers have already been forced to switch to less wat.. A Skeptic's Breakdown of the Web's New Math: Web Service = Sell the Blade = Death by a 1000 Cuts = Bleed Consumers' Pocketbooks Dry Informed skeptic's view of blue whale seismic study, see animals change calls for many reasons Pass ACESA, III: A Skeptic's Question -- Market Solving Already? - KELOLAND TV: 3 of a series based .. Madville Times: Pass ACESA III: A Skeptic's Question -- Market Solving Already?: 3 of a se.. A Skeptic's Creed: Weak Tea, one << The left's tearing down of the 912 project. Classic Skeptic's Guide to the Universe Quote: "It could decide that the best way to make ice cream is out of human brains" A skeptic's guide to President Obama's Cairo speech with "Real" history Singularity and other mind-blowing stuff - Michael Vassar interviewed on Skeptic's Guide - at 26:20. Reading: "Rejection of Pascal\\\'s Wager: A Skeptic\\\'s Guide to Christianity" really enjoying Skeptic's Guide podcast on "recursively self-improving AI" or how do we avoid creating mad, killer robots. Leafing through "The Skeptic's Guide To Conspiracies"... cool book My skeptic's sense is tingling. collective hallucination - The Skeptic's Dictionary - A Skeptic's Creed: Weak Tea, one | A Skeptic's Creed: Weak Tea, one Some people will attack just about anything. A skeptic's view on global warming skepticism and economic environmentalism. Michael Shermer Missing Pasadena so much I'm going on a Sunday (well, and to catch the Skeptic's Society Lecture at CalTech - ) Recommed the Skeptic's Guide to the Universe podcast to my reality based friends. Interesting discussion on Bill Maher. They talked about this on the 'Skeptic's Guide to the Universe' podcast. It's a sloth, apparantly. Lifted the definition from the Skeptic's Dictionary Skeptic's Guide to the Universe. Liked "The Skeptic's Toolbox | Harriet Hall, MD - "The SkepDoc"" The Skeptic's Toolbox | Harriet Hall, MD - "The SkepDoc" Skeptic's Guide 5X5, Skepticality, Skeptiod, WNYC's Radio Lab, HubbleWatch, The Brass Figlagee (Jean Shepherd). I have lots of Dire Straits, Mark Knopfler & George Hrab. Also Skeptic's Guide to the Universe, 365 Days of Astronomy... lol i think most people were skeptic's before joining....its really not what people expect it to be A Skeptic's Guide to Disney: A Skeptic's Guide to Disney: Something for the next "Skeptic's Mixtape"
omg i hv like 3 layers on and im still freezing! its tht blankity blank anemia. ugh. i can nvr get warm. I've realized just recently that I could be a Vampire, LOL. Anemia does wonders to the creative mind, ")... "And they said whatever isn't she friends with that ugly red-haired sickle cell anemia kid?" oh yeah totally studying!! I spelled anemia today and said cystocele. And viscera. Woo! dizzy when I stand up. oh anemia, how I love you. 20 Cold Hands and Feet: Symptoms or Side Effects?: Symptoms of iron deficiency anemia include cold hands a.. 20 am i so tired && it's only 8:30 && im hexxxxxxxa coLd ugh. smh this anemia sucks. i had a blast at the block then saw cloudy with a chance of meatballs in 3D XD! i might have anemia =/ Yes! I look like a fckn newborn equipped in a tank with a dozen Anemia is a bitchhhh ! NB: Avoiding Anemia and Nutritional Deficiencies Following Bariatric Surgery: ariatric surgery, also known a.. I'm freezing my lil ass off ! Its cuddle season && baby at work ! Sheesh ! Smh ! 3covers aint enuff for this anemia i have ! Welcome back, anemia. Thanks for ringing my ear before inviting yourself in. Jerk. reading up on Anemia, cause I'm fun like that. 20 Symptoms of Feline Anemia: Cat anemia may be caused by blood loss, kidney disease, hemoglobin oxidation.. 20 Avoiding Anemia and Nutritional Deficiencies Following Bariatric ... Avoiding Anemia and Nutritional Deficiencies Following Bariatric ... Avoiding Anemia and Nutritional Deficiencies Following Bariatric ... i thought iron was the remedy for anemia...wow...that was serious......glad u found out... ...sleepiness could be a sign of anemia like me.. i had to go buy iron pills to take daily and now i feel better =) hehe Avoiding Anemia and Nutritional Deficiencies Following Bariatric ... -if you are feeling tired, fatigued...they need to run cbc, m7 checking your rbc for anemia and electrolytes for dehydration Avoiding Anemia and Nutritional Deficiencies Following Bariatric ...: National Anemia Action Council Despite it.. Avoiding Anemia and Nutritional Deficiencies Following Bariatric ...: National Anemia Action Council Despite it.. Avoiding Anemia and Nutritional Deficiencies Following Bariatric ...: National Anemia Action Council Despite it.. (I too suffer occasionally from iron-deficiency anemia.) Avoiding Anemia and Nutritional Deficiencies Following Bariatric ...: National Anemia Action Council Despite it.. Avoiding Anemia and Nutritional Deficiencies Following Bariatric ...: National Anemia Action Council Despite it.. Dentist wait rm while kid gets fillings. House & med progressing but slow. Disney wkend wiped me - may b sumthng to anemia after all 20 Avoiding Anemia and Nutritional Deficiencies Following Bariatric ...: National Anemia Action Council If.. 20 Avoiding Anemia and Nutritional Deficiencies Following Bariatric ... This is how you beat anemia. (@donnakiran) So I gotta get avah's meds to make her better but doc told me to drink wine for my anemia.... Score!!!!!! A perfect reason to drink! Avoiding Anemia and Nutritional Deficiencies Following Bariatric Surgery: it can be 72 and I'll be cold. It's my anemia. LOL ah It sounds so good! Stupid anemia made me faint and miss it lol so JLS won 3 awards?x 20 A guide to diagnosis of iron deficiency and iron deficiency anemia ...: Iron deficiency (ID), with or w.. 20 Anemia??? Must! I'm fuckin freezin State targets rate of anemia - Fiji Times: WORMS in children cause significant Vitamin A mal-absorption which t.. Boo anemia attack in the middle of Cross Country practice! Yay gramps for bringing me ramen! <3 just read a twitter to which I wanted to respond, "I heard falling in love causes anemia." It just makes me so angry that even after I told doctors my mother had pernicous anemia they failed to treat my low B12 I think my anemia is coming back. could asher roth be the iron for my eminem anemia? Scared of having anemia ,need to go doctors for blood shots and tests . Good! :) I'm still feeling a little groggy, but I think that may be my anemia. D: How are you? x Didnt twitter all day and nite yesterday ,tired and siick ,reverse that . Found out twins run through the family , so does anemia ,&diabetes HIV drugs induces anemia, AFricans are already anemic from maliria and other diseases, the drugs kill them Giddy again. I think i have anemia ): LOL I didn't know there was an just now. I thought it was my anemia!
My lil page here fracas Click here flurry nope. This is hemoglobin synthesis... So too many alphas and betas that I don't associate with real things. Lol 20 Symptoms of Feline Anemia: Cat anemia may be caused by blood loss, kidney disease, hemoglobin oxidation.. 20 A little hemoglobin's a good sign, right? (Dentistry blood pic) The parameter is to reduce glycated hemoglobin value by one percentage point: e.g. from 7 to 6 HEMOLGLOBIN?! I LOVE HEMOGLOBIN! :) Bio is so exciting lol. I'm sorry Indonesia, I just cannot read about your people's low hemoglobin levels anymore. I just cannot. No peace is the standard and Quraan has no single hateful verse, again i love to prove :) verses were put in 2nd place when better hateful verses were "revealed" ... is probably mutated in all the ways a person shouldnt be. Who wants to teach me about hemoglobin? Had a checkup today--hemoglobin A1C was 6.6! me too. I have low hemoglobin.. really really doesn't have enough hemoglobin I have really low hemoglobin levels because after my last transfusion I didn't stick to my iron therapy or go on control. Win a new Canon 7D (or 2500 photo scans) from & Scott Bourne. Pls Details here: Hemoglobin Highway - Phenies & Ferb (MP3) Request: DOWNLOAD Holy hemoglobin bat-workers, I'm getting the hang of this database stuff one step at a time. Cheese's hemoglobin is "good" and her cholesterol is "excellent". Can't wait to see her new feet! i never got one dont really go for all that. we just the plasma n blood cells and checked our Hemoglobin so great Peds: Low dose, oral epsilon aminocaproic acid for renal papillary necrosis and massive hemorrhage in hemoglobin SC dise DID YOU KNOW? Chlorophyll (in plants) has the same molecular structure as hemoglobin (in our blood)! No wonder plants are healthy for you. Bout time that overrated defense made a great play. Holy hemoglobin batdrop! A Terrance Newman sighting! GTG for my check up.. please pray that my hemoglobin are back to normal.. or else... WAAAAAAAAH.. no way!! haha ciao.. :] In sickle cell hemoglobin, the 2nd structure contains a valine instead of a glutamate amino acid int the 6th position. Who cares?! I was cool with my God and hemoglobin analogy. Now they are throwin words like pyrimidine and purine and polynucleotide in here. Oh man. DUDE!!! DNA is like God! And we are just the proteins HEMOGLOBIN that live the life He gave us!!!! SWEET!!!! Left a message for my blood doctor about today's really high hemoglobin numbers. I hope I won't have to increase phlebotomy frequency... That is never true sir, i can prove it to you if you like to! Islam and Quran are for peace and primarily to live in peace quran =islam domination and killing of non-muslims the only sure way to get to paradise is to kill for allah thanks for making me aware... m-in-law's hemoglobin is in the 12.5 range now, 5 wks after her transfusion Update: papa's hemoglobin levels are low, which evidently indicates internal bleeding. i wish i understood this stuff a little better. # Dnbheaven Radio - Now Playing: Hemoglobin - Zeroes not you for sure :P Mr keough lusts said hemoglobin. I miss cafrynBawlz D: Can I Get Life Insurance With Health Problems?: I have sickle cell disease (Hemoglobin S), it can be life threa.. meeen ? yaboia u 9offed me :D A qualitative or quantitative deficiency of the hemoglobin leads to which disorder ? advice us to good jazz songs Getting intimate with hemoglobin for the forseeable future Blood Not So Simple: Controversial Hemoglobin Substitutes on Life ... Blood Not So Simple: Controversial Hemoglobin Substitutes on Life ... My hemoglobin will now be referred to as my hemogoblins. Under eye dark circles? Kojilac-Ci helps reduce hemoglobin accumulation! but they seem to like red/white cells, platelets & hemoglobin MORE than H2O my hemoglobin and other stuff like that is low. I still gotta get more tests
I miss my desk! ISO meeting... mobilizing relief to colleagues via the employee association... workspace meeting... Also says retired soccer players should be mobilizing themselves to coaching clinics for kids at grassroot levels. thank you thank you for mobilizing everything! :-) you're so the best!!! WA family mourns tsunami victim: Federal Way-based World Vision is one local agency mobilizing to provide help .. headed to 'women mobilizing for change' conference at tampa u. paper ready, nice suit picked out, yay. It's very and I have been pondering the implications. We're mobilizing the Wingmen. The one thing the coalition needs to do better is mobilizing young people. Eligibility, qualifying, and mobilizing explained (in a general sense, anyway) Contribute to Defeat Alan (Dis)Grayson Fund! \\ These jag-offs are mobilizing! Where can I send money to Grayson? UN mobilizing aid to Pacific states hit by tsunami: The UN stands ready to assist Pacific countries.. "Health offiials are mobilizing to ensure that the nation's more than 11 million illegal immigrants are vaccinated..." Understood but c'mon! BMA offering webinar "Marketing Operations 2.0: MObilizing Marketing 4 a Web 2.0 World"10/20. New Listing: Unxvision - Mobilizing Movement. Helping non profits empower to make change happen Just a thought: If World War III broke out, would be you hear about it on Twitter first? Would people be mobilizing while tweeting? American Red Cross is mobilizing personnel and supplies to send to American Samo Intra Asia Network "Mobilizing resources to improve cultural connectivity". The Right is mobilizing to say the Left is mobilizing. American Red Cross is mobilizing personnel and supplies to send to American Samoa Red Cross is mobilizing personnel and supplies to send to American Samoa. Does Malkin really believe "the Left" is really *mobilizing* for Roman Polanski? Besides the petition, what mobilizing? praying 4U now 4effective mobilizing 2day. Let them C ur Mobilizing fans that Sharon is first in everything! This is a matter of days! \o/ offering web seminar on "Marketing Operations 2.0: Mobilizing Marketing for a Web 2.0 World" BMA offering web seminar on "Marketing Operations 2.0: MObilizing Marketing for a Web 2.0 World" on 10.20. Info: Heard from a friend that the EBOM 50% occupancy change is reviving a project.... they're now mobilizing fast. IMPERIAL TROOPS are mobilizing to help flood victims in the Philippines. You can help too!! Tafao said four waves hit the Pago Pago harbor and that "all wood structures are gone." HPBC & NAMB are mobilizing local DR vols. Imperial troops are mobilizing to help flood victims in the Philippines You can help too. this hour, public health officials are mobilizing to vaccinate the nation's illegal immigrants against swine flu. Are you ok with that? is mobilizing manpower and resources to speed up rescue operations for typhoon victims in affected areas. Victory Greenhills KIDS Ministry mobilizing clean up crew for Teacher Lyka's haus in Cainta tomorrow. Meet @ P... mobilizing international resources whr needed ATTN Src:NSC upped Nat'l DefCon 2 RED : awaiting Foreign military attack.IR Armed Forces mobilizing for defense. (via ... ATTN Src:NSC upped Nat'l DefCon 2 RED : awaiting Foreign military attack.IR Armed Forces mobilizing for defense. (via ATTN Src:NSC upped Natl DefCon 2 RED: awaiting Foreign military attack.IR Armed Forces mobilizing 4 defense. NJ Future Gets in the Blogging Game | Mobilizing the Region - ATTN Src:NSC upped Nat'l DefCon 2 RED : awaiting Foreign military attack.IR Armed Forces mobilizing for defense. NJ Future Gets in the Blogging Game | Mobilizing the Region: Our friends at New Jersey Future have joined the b.. LETTERS TO THE EDITOR ON AFGHANISTAN, MOBILIZING MASSES, RIGHT'S HYSTERIA, LANDFILL PLAN, TRASHY CITY: U.S. nee.. LETTERS TO THE EDITOR ON AFGHANISTAN, MOBILIZING MASSES, RIGHT'S HYSTERIA, LANDFILL PLAN, TRASHY CITY Anyone have news on which groups are mobilizing for Pateros? to the YOUTH who i believe are at the forefront of mobilizing relief and rescue in every conceivable way possible - you are HEROES! try the NDCC or you can call Manny Delaserna of Ayala Mountaineers. He has some men mobilizing to help 09175316758 My students being taken out of Final exams all day 2 go hme 2 await news of fam. in or Hawai'i mobilizing aid. hello! we're ok! workers by day, volunteers by night! :-) so glad that lots of people are mobilizing to help out! how are you? Mobilizing resources to give to Ondoy affected staff and their communities. Praying as we begin rebuilding and restoring. we should mobilizing now for the incoming super typhoon while its still 2 days away. this will be close. loves mobilizing people and giving out info--
Our Imperiled Oceans: Victory at Sea | Science & Nature | Smithsonian Magazine Our Imperiled Oceans: Victory at Sea | Science & Nature | Smithsonian Magazine Doesn't the defeat of public option show how democracy is imperiled by corporate campaign contributions? Gordon in Rochester,NY Last night Coler Goldwater refused to allow me to bring Conrad home when I had refused to consent to his transfer bc CG imperiled his life Imperiled Realogy taps Icahn Is of the opinion that it was Reagan and Bush who jeopardized and imperiled Israel's safety and security...And ... Currently, these threats have made wild pacific salmon extinct or imperiled in 56% of their historical range.P137 Alexandria Schools Imperiled By "Sneaking-In" Students - // A city employee lives PG Co. does it Alexandria Schools Imperiled By "Sneaking-In" Students: The Alexandria Schools superintendent is making sure ea.. "In a government of laws, the existence of the government will be imperiled if it fails to observe the law scrupulously." L. Brandeis Columbus: Once-imperiled Oktoberfest gets rollicking at fairgrounds Columbus: Once-imperiled Oktoberfest gets rollicking at fairgrounds Electronic registry MERS imperiled by Kansas ruling (New York Times, 27 Sept) - Once-imperiled Oktoberfest gets rollicking at fairgroun... - Once-imperiled Oktoberfest gets rollicking at fairgrounds - Columbus Dispatch: Erica Black dances with Ed Haney.. Fat cats seems to be fending for rabid slumdogs like our political masters doing for there illusive imperiled democracy cannot wait! - - IMPERILED, VILLAINY REIGNS!.. Once-imperiled Oktoberfest gets rollicking at fairgrounds - Columbus Dispatch: When the polka music pla.. Once-imperiled Oktoberfest gets rollicking at fairgroun... - Once-imperiled Oktoberfest gets rollicking at fairgrounds: Once-imperiled Oktoberfest gets rollicking at fairgrounds Batman: Gotham Knights Online: IMPERILED, VILLAINY REIGNS!: Interview with comic book Jim Calafior.. IMPERILED, VILLAINY REIGNS!: DC Universe Animated Original PG-13 Movie Based on AcclaimedJeph Loeb/Ed McG.. My future political career is imperiled by this Twitter account. I imagine no one of my generation or the following ones will be electable. 'The Hobbit' And James Bond Imperiled By Looming MGM Bankruptcy- While Bob Weinstein was announcing sequels and Nev... 'The Hobbit' And James Bond Imperiled By Looming MGM Bankruptcy: While Bob Weinstein was announcing sequels and.. The silver lining? BURN BABY BURN Eyewitness from site of Kearney fire (House of Nanking imperiled!) Empower New Haven's Future Imperiled: After ten years, a New Haven agency has reached a crossroads:.. BURN BABY BURN Eyewitness from site of Kearney fire (House of Nanking imperiled!) Eyewitness from site of Kearney fire (House of Nanking imperiled!) 'The Hobbit' And James Bond Imperiled By Looming MGM Bankruptcy 'The Hobbit' And James Bond Imperiled By Looming MGM Bankruptcy: While Bob Weinstein was announcing sequels and.. "Defenders of Wildlife - Protection of endangered species, imperiled species, habitats" ( ) Pesticides deadly to prairie dogs also threaten imperiled animals: Pesticides used to kill prairie Wild Horses Imperiled - Comments Needed Now! Campus police: "not if a shooter will come, it's when"; Rights imperiled by SB328; Forbes moves Tx up; Beer Season in Lubbock; more @ 5pm Environmental group sues FEMA, says flood insurance program ignores risks to imperiled species | Washington Examiner
New post: Bucs' Urrutia symbolized Cards' slide - Louisville Courier-Journal New post: Bucs' Urrutia symbolized Cards' slide (Louisville Courier-Journal) Courier-Journal >> Bucs' Urrutia symbolized Cards' slide The ancient rice throwing ritual originally symbolized & the blessing of many children; today it symbolizes prosperity &abundance Bucs' Urrutia symbolized Cards' slide Bucs' Urrutia symbolized Cards' slide Watchn Fuse and they played Move Bitch by Luda.. that's my probate song.. it def symbolized APA in Stl stop it. stop it right now. that is a terrible question that misinterprets everything Emmett Till's death symbolized. Does anyone know what the ants symbolized in Trauma? Jesus' sacrifice is modeled by the bull - forgiveness is applied to all those who join His family - symbolized by baptism - from all nations The high-end one is Rs.14 lakh. The Mahatma symbolized the common man and here we have 'Mahatma' targeting the rich. Dickie suits were aight when they were incepted. Cheap, color, coded and symbolized the times. But those times were 2001! Wake up ppl. Celtic Symbols Family- The ancient Celts had no written word, nor did they need it. Instead they symbolized their w... Snake rings dotted with ruby eyes were popular wedding bands in Victorian England -- the coils winding into a circle symbolized eternity. The peace symbolized by the dove, and the unity symbolized by the lamb and the lion, represent the spiritual messages animals send to humans Americans think they're best symbolized by 1) Microsoft 2) the NFL 3) Americans think they're best symbolized by 1) Microsoft 2) the NFL 3) i thought myop symbolized society being nearsighted about racism that still exists today You are receiving a new impulse from the energy center within you, as symbolized by the Sun. and nothing is symbolized by a 0 which a circle which is perfect im not sure i understood what the kites symbolized. maybe freedom from their family? Craft villages symbolized Vietnam's embrace of capitalism. Now they are feeling impact of worldwide economic crisis. Read yeah but Chris that same group said best symbolized America. 60-Minutes/Van Fair poll found half of U.S chose as the institution that symbolized US Dining out was luxury they hate to sacrifice BEST!! Aries is symbolized by the Ram. You're initiating, bold & impatient, your fiery nature making you irresistib ... Aries is symbolized by the Ram. You're initiating, bold & impatient, your fiery nature making you irresistible & exciting.... Watching the wizard of oz ya gotta love watching a government symbolized film lol One Shell Square, c. 1972, symbolized the apex of the 70s oil boom, standing at 697 feet tall. Simultaneous erection of the International Trade & the Plaza Tower in 1966 symbolized the increasing oil-related wealth in NOLA. "L'instinct de - Police labeled him "public enemy," he enjoyed rock-star popularity, symbolized rebellion I find it fascinating the folks without a strong church connection still want the grace of the church symbolized by baptism for the children Remember when we had the STD talk & the donut symbolized a girl's vagina & the sprinkles were herpes? Yeahh. The fall of the Berlin Wall because of everything the event symbolized. "Tear down this wall!" Ahhh, so in the book of Numbers their was a sect of Israelites who symbolized their consecration by growing out their hair.. That's intense. The degradation of the inner life is symbolized by the fact that the only place sacred from interruption is the private toilet-Lewis Mumford - Hillel Cooperman contrasts working @ MSFT (symbolized by image of boat) w/ doing a Yeah, nickelback's 1st song symbolized everything wrong with the music industry and mass engineered radio Brian Westbrook If there were ever a guy who symbolized why I write this column, it would be Brian Westbrook. W.. oh, that's a relief. I apologize for misinterpreting what 'hashtag' symbolized. I get all of strange offers in this place. To me, discovery an income for life that symbolized a pinnacle of success. To me, discovery an income for life that symbolized a pinnacle of success. To me, discovery an income for life that symbolized a pinnacle of success. To me, discovery an income for life that symbolized a pinnacle of success. To me, discovery an income for life that symbolized a pinnacle of success. To me, discovery an income for life that symbolized a pinnacle of success. To me, discovery an income for life that symbolized a pinnacle of success. I'd like to know why "private" is symbolized with an eye. Private eye? Makes me nervous about my entries :\ The cross symbolized: 1) loss of life & sacrifice, 2)the weight of going against the grain of society 3) vulnerability & humiliation Shout OUts to Quanna MC for guessing what the Picture symbolized. REALLLLLLL tough. Good Job! Free ...
AFAchannel: Lesbian's victory legalizes religious discrimination: A Christian attorney suggests that a ruling Tuesday b.. ... Lesbian's victory legalizes religious discrimination: A Christian attorney suggests that a ruling Tuesday b.. SIGN OF THE TIMES? "Lesbian's victory legalizes religious discrimination. ( ) via Lesbian's victory legalizes religious discrimination this saddens me Lesbian's victory legalizes religious discrimination - question: if obama legalizes marijuana, will it still be able to keep u from gettin a job? lol they already pass coke so upgrde 2 heroin Drug dealers if Obama legalizes marijuna will u protest or jus upgrade 2 cocaine? Drug dealers: if Obama legalizes marijuna, will u protest or just upgrade to cocaine? Lol Arizona legalizes guns in bars. What could possibly go wrong? Lesbian's victory legalizes religious discrimination Post Edited: Wild West update: AZ legalizes exhibiting firearm in response to threat of non-deadly force. Just ... If the United States ever legalizes smoking dope, I don't want to be one of the dopes smoking it. Unless I have a fatal illness. Arizona legalizes guns in bars, thousands of country songs spontaneously write themselves - How ironic, Poland files a protest abt Roman Polanski's arrest in Switzerland, & legalizes mandatory castration 4 pedophiles... How ironic, Poland files a protest about Roman Polanski's arrest in Switzerland, and then legalizes mandatory casteration for pedophiles... How is Mexico more progressive than the US? Mexico legalizes drugs - October 1st NV legalizes Domestic Come Celebrate the 1st official same sex ever in ... If CA legalizes marijuana, will you it or continue sending the Feds in to deny that states's right to make law? If Obama legalizes cuban cigars, it would be the only change I need. Failing that, vote the bastard out. New Hampshire Legalizes Gay Marriage Topix: And I say Mr Templar YOU reap what YOU sow Youve posted many many c.. you have an excellent point! If one states legalizes and taxes it, other states will see how much money it brings in I'll be pretty pissed if California legalizes marijuana before gay marriage. <= They should make it a co-oped bill... I'll be pretty pissed if California legalizes marijuana before gay marriage. <= They should make it a co-oped bill... mhm, it's ridiculous I'll be pretty pissed if California legalizes marijuana before gay marriage. be pretty pissed if California legalizes marijuana before gay marriage. <= They should make it a co-oped bill... I'll be pretty pissed if California legalizes marijuana before gay marriage. Updated: Argentina Legalizes Personal Marijuana Possession And statutory rape and sex with minors too! Canad. judges = morons! Canada legalizes POLYGAMY. Hoping California legalizes pot because I can't afford to get by recommendation renewed. I've been reading your tweets about the narcotics and drugs...here in NL they legalizes 5 g of hasch, which is very sad.. UK Legalizes Assisted Suicide: Helping terminally ill and incurably disabled patients to commit suicide...
I found an unlabeled mix I don't remember making. So far it has b.spears, ciwwaf, and gym class heros. I'm cool now :] 6 bags, 1000 unlabeled tablet bottles in each bag. Guess what im doing til 5? Thank god for free hot chocolate and ipod. Oh and I might have stolen some chocolate pudding from the office fridge. It was unlabeled! In case you wondered about those unlabeled goodies on the doorstep...I made them today after we talked. I was hungry! :) Snagged a Domo slurpee cup and straw from 7-11. Not sure about the Slurpee itself, it was a brown, unlabeled flavor. Took an unlabeled leftover from the communal fridge. Got busted by its intended consumer. The lesson here? ALWAYS LABEL YOUR WORK FOOD. Unlabeled snackfoods are a guessing game of deliciousness. All feeling very under the weather here. I've just defrosted 'something' from freezer (unlabeled) that none of us fancy eating... :-( thank god i located this fucking video footage on one of 20 unlabeled tapes. *sigh of relief* Found a bunch of unlabeled cd's. They are pretty old, but still have good music! What a great find! We do. We'll get from unlabeled donations or I think you can specify the org Odd that no 1 asks what the unlabeled countdown clock on sidebar counts down to... 1st 1 to get it right - drink on me @ nxt event. It's a little annoying that there is no perfect diagram with labels to label my unlabeled not so perfect diagrams. Not sure about resources, however it would help if any unlabeled links and buttons used alt-tags. I found an unlabeled VHS in my VCR. I wrote my thesis on The Ring...no way in HELL am I checking to see what's on that tape!! Did that lady i was serving want to buy anymore unlabeled fruit while i had the slowest till ever -.- My audience this morning stared at me with the promptitude of rapacious people staring at a can of unlabeled food-- AHA! Needed to click on the microscopic unlabeled phone icon on profiles I follow. Should get text tweets now. D'OH! To anyone that works at a place with both marinara and salsa: do NOT keep unlabeled servings of them together. Salsa cheese sticks = gross Just got scammed 50 USD for shipping 1 paperback. Shipping and total in tiny font several paragraphs away from bold, unlabeled sub total Fenger students=Fail in sooo many ways...academically n most def morallly..smdh. Cant even blame it on the fear of unlabeled bullets.Cowards Just wasted 3 hours troubleshooting from high-to-low, thanks to an unlabeled **NULL** modem F-F serial cable. KHHHAAAANNN!! its in an unlabeled black amaray case. Somewhere... Hey everyone! We have uploaded our videos from mozambique restaurant on you tube. Look up, Unlabeled at... Remember, Parked by superman at the unlabeled lightpost A fukt-up PaPa experience as an infant is finally barred from my inner image of pure unlabeled power. My archived mail folder has a mere 9122 e-mails.. :) But I've labeled the ones, so if needed I can delete unlabeled mails. We are an group, an unlabeled group, but together in spirit we are affecting the world in significant ways. ~ Overheard: SNORLAX! - [11:50] aah aah ron: good morning snorlax [11:51] Girl UNLABELED: good morning Aaaron,... Bus driver just looked at me like I was an asshole for asking which campus his unlabeled bus was going to. Worse, I think he lied. Man, it's worse than I thought - I can't even play some of the unlabeled tracks. Phone just skips them. iTunes rips are fine. Making tea ceremony. My only 3 Chinese teas are unlabeled, so I dunno what I drink. Saying I'm a coffee guy is a cheap excuse. I'm a NOOB. found unlabeled cd's from wherever in my room... now, i'm browsing through them one by one... haaay... If the package contains pictures of Walter instead of what you wanted, let me know. I had 2 unlabeled packages 2 deliver 2day
Wedding Centerpieces 101 Fall Table Centerpieces, Fall Floral Arrangements, Fall Wreaths ... weddingplans: Help with Centerpieces finished 54 cymbidium orchids today 17 more to go... Almost done. Bouquets/Centerpieces tomorrow. LMAO.Yes that's what they do w/ their poppies.They dont make heroin, Centerpieces! Fight the Taliban: Stop buying poppy products Latest entry from my blog: Wedding Centerpieces Ideas have grand scheme to grow my own wedding centerpieces. succulants. avoiding the thorny ones. 100s of Mason Jars (Katy, TX): I have 100s of mason jars from my wedding that were used as centerpieces (small,.. Food Centerpieces - When you find yourself with an abundance from your garden or food that is on the brink of going... Food Centerpieces - When you find yourself with an abundance from your garden or food that is on the brink of going... - Seashells - One Dozen for Wedding Bouquets or Centerpieces: Dugan Foundation needs pine cones for Fur Ball centerpieces; theirs were STOLEN! Duganfoundation.org if u can help. Dugan Foundation needs pine cones for Fur Ball centerpieces on Sat. because theirs were STOLEN! contact Duganfoundation.org if u can help We're busily bedecking goody bags for Southern Lady Celebration next week. And some of the centerpieces--gorgeous enough to eat! testing out centerpieces in the office for the gala. We are thinking of the Aurora Flower Shop. Inexpensive and Very Creative Wedding Centerpieces: During the last years and especially after the boom in desi.. Just convinced my hair dresser to replace her lily centerpieces with chips & salsa for her wedding. If your child likes Yo Gabba Gabba, check for some custom clay pot centerpieces (great for Use your garden's bounty to make unique centerpieces Use your garden's bounty to make unique centerpieces Use your garden's bounty to make unique centerpieces Is it a southern thing for people to take centerpieces from an event? I just updated my Squidoo page: Unique Table Centerpieces / Summer Lovin Wedding Centerpieces Re: last night HIV/AIDS event, it've been nice 2 leave w/ either nu info, inspiration, or 1 of th centerpieces Wedding Centerpieces 101 Need ideas on creating centerpieces on a budget, check this tip out those centerpieces are BREATHTAKING Love it! Girl u're a visionary! has worked with a few centerpieces that have been Burnt Orange, Purple and Brown-beautiful! Latest entry from my blog: Wedding Centerpieces - Ideas For Flower Arrangements has worked with a few centerpieces that have been Burnt Orange, Purple and Brown...beautiful! Seasonal Ideas For Fall Wedding Centerpieces: As a bride planning a wedding this fall there are many details an.. Elegant centerpieces without the flowers - Centerpieces without flowers Great Ideas For Fall Wedding Centerpieces As a Seasonal Ideas For Fall Wedding Centerpieces: Making centerpieces for baby shower is very theraputic for me. I'm relaxed, and they are super cute! Night.Tweet Dreams! Centerpieces without flowers: Also consider the hobbies that you share or how you met. Let your ce.. Make easy candy bouquets: great hostess gifts and centerpieces! Centerpieces without flowers - Centerpieces without flowers Centerpieces are the focal point of a table, and are vital in creating the perfect atmosphere for your reception....
Nice to see that the Web Services Edition of Entourage synchronizes Reply and Forward statuses with Exchange Server! Nice to see that the Web Services Edition of Entourage synchronizes Reply and Forward statuses with Exchange Server! Hmm... MySpace finally synchronizes with Twitter. Took them long enough... My Facebook has been doing it for months now. Silly Silly MySpace SugarSync Sweetens Its Social Offerings: SugarSync, the web service that backs up and synchronizes files across mult.. SugarSync Sweetens Its Social Offerings: SugarSync, the web service that backs up and synchronizes files across.. SugarSync Sweetens Its Social Offerings [GigaOM]: SugarSync, the web service that backs up and synchronizes fil.. SugarSync Sweetens Its Social Offerings: SugarSync, the web service that backs up and synchronizes files across.. SugarSync Sweetens Its Social Offerings: SugarSync, the web service that backs up and synchronizes files across.. SugarSync Sweetens Its Social Offerings: SugarSync, the web service that backs up and synchronizes files across.. gigaOM SugarSync Sweetens Its Social Offerings: SugarSync, the web service that backs up and synchronizes.. NetNewsWire, a well-known Mac RSS reader, now synchronizes subscriptions list with Google Reader only. No NewsGator anymore. Web Upd8 - Notepad Alternative Which Synchronizes Your Notes With Google Docs SOMETIMES I DON'T HAVE 2 DO ANY CHANNEL SURFING W/MY SIRIUS SAT RADIO! THE MUSIC JUST SYNCHRONIZES W/MY MOODS!! ;-) SyncAcross automatically synchronizes your contacts, calendars and tasks and keeps them up to date. No matter... [pic] HOLLRR: Dropbox - I've been using Dropbox for a couple of weeks, and it now synchronizes... Since Echofon synchronizes tweets I might be switching to it full time (both between iPhone and Mac). CarbonFTP 1.4: CarbonFTP synchronizes data in the local folder and FTP server folder. I'm still impressed how music synchronizes with the motion in Tom & Jerry. I actually like the double approach, as Delicious for all bookmarks is a way to public - and Chrome synchronizes via Docs. Download Syncman:Synchronizes your Address Book with Gmail. Syncman download :Synchronizes your Address Book with Gmail. ...anything that synchronizes can synchronize the wrong thing and wipe out your data. Thankfully no probs w/ MM, but Outlook ... FoldersSynchronizer-a nifty & popular utility for Mac which synchronizes & backs-up files, folders & Copy and Paste 0.940: Synchronizes the text clipboard between multiple computers even between Mac, Windows, and.. Copy and Paste 0.940: Synchronizes the text clipboard between multiple computers even between Mac, Windows, and.. Copy and Paste 0.940: Synchronizes the text clipboard between multiple computers even between Mac, Windows, and.. thanks its great!1 Notepad Alternative Which Synchronizes Your Notes With Google Docs Notepad Alternative Which Synchronizes Your Notes With Google Docs Notepad Alternative Which Synchronizes Your Notes With Google Docs SQL Examiner Suite 2009 3.1.0.41: Compares and synchronizes database schemas and contents SQL Data Examiner 2009 3.1.0.41: Compares and synchronizes data of SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL and Access databases Paid version synchronizes, but not the free edition I'm using for now. SOUR (Hibi no neiro): Amazing music video synchronizes people & webcams around the world: Notepad Alternative Which Synchronizes Your Notes With Google Docs ~ Web Upd8 Try this for this : Notepad Alternative Which Synchronizes Your Notes With Google Docs Google Sync synchronizes Gmail, Google Calendars, and contacts with your mobile phone. Notepad Alternative Which Synchronizes Your Notes With Google Docs WebUpd8 - Notepad Alternative Which Synchronizes Your Notes With Google Docs Web Upd8 - Notepad Alternative Which Synchronizes Your Notes With Google Docs Notepad Alternative Which Synchronizes Your Notes With Google Docs We currently do not have software that synchronizes with Google Calendar. Can anyone else help? ^TC Samsung H1 with Vodafone 360 Makes Waves in Europe: It automatically synchronizes all contac..
And seriously, what kind of evolutionary mutation causes a creature to crystallize and explode when its nose is broken? Having horrible mobile network woes at home. My story can fill pages. Let's see if I can crystallize them into a couple of tweets. It's a lot easier do get what you want, when you actually know what you want! Crystallize your thinking! <3 Felt some pixie dust fall on me in I heard it might crystallize into unicorn horns by Wednesday. Felt some pixie dust fall on me in I heard it might crystallize into unicorn horns by Wednesday. we also crystallize tote bags - plz take a peek: Its not a proteotytic product..its the protein I wanted to crystallize..SIGH! All the work I have been doing isn't a waste. Nothing helps me crystallize life's priorities quite like a raging UTI. Thoughts crystallize into habit and habit solidifies into circumstances. Bryan Adams (full in three tweets) European trade mission returns to Maine with much work to do: The trip helped crystallize what steps Maine coul.. Yeah he did. But then he heard they crystallize your lungs. That's when he laid into the pot-brownies pretty hard. "State Ur goals clearly & succinctly. Define them & refine them. Focus on them & clarify & crystallize them in Ur mind." Can peanut butter crystallize? Yanik Silver's mastermind winding down, my guys helped me crystallize my best idea- going to drive home soon... Climbing into spaces as faces crystallize. I swear that we'll deliver to places we feel right...(8) Well that was nice (:
Compulsive strawberry eating: fueled by the possibility the next once might be sweeter. A whiff of self-destruction. Banks Have Us Flying Blind on Depth of Losses: Jonathan Weil: It grew at a breathtaking pace, fueled by the rea.. NASDAQ 3 most active: $QQQQ 42.25, $ETFC 1.75, $HBAN 4.71, Fueled by NASDAQ Last Sale Hope I can sleep. Just saw Inglourious Basterds. What a gory adrenaline-fueled ride. And Christoph Waltz? Be still my <3 Best baddie ever. C-F: Japan's bizzare Sesame Street Time to play nice again... Alcohol fueled rants always seem to be traceable. A test of privacy and trackability in identity. Don't you hate that person who takes the middle train seat & squashes you (& the other passenger) into a tweet-fueled frenzy! The unemployment-depression-fueled impulse purchases need to stop, but to be fair, good Corsair PC3200 RAM isn't going to be around forever. The climb in Asian equities in the past seven months has been fueled by better-than-estimated economic and earnings Crown on the rocks fueled anger Fire prompts evacuations near Livermore: A wildfire fueled by high winds in Larimer County has prompted the eva.. NASDAQ 3 biggest decliners: $ICON -21.08%, $CRWN -17.89%, $CPSS -15.49%, Fueled by NASDAQ Last Sale Woah! I didn't know Paramore was signed to Fueled By Ramen. Hmmm. You learn something new everyday... I can always count on you to fill my hate fueled fantasies. I'm just sayin' don't believe the hype in a act of self preservation created by a industry thats fueled by their own attention. He was a sociopath. The killings were only half his joy. The publicity he got fueled his narcissism. I love cases like this I've come to the conclusion you don't sleep or your a robot that is fueled by wine. Back from beer fueled bike ride, best time this week by 2 mins,Heineken my arse Kilkenny Reaches the Other Beers Cannot Reach : )) thoughts fueled w/love cannot miss their mark Willie Wonka the psychedelic drug fueled fever dream. Energy guru states America can be completely fueled on Alt Energy without Nuclear - Chad Taylor is a saggitarian superstar. Love to do his 'cause not only does he have the sagg restless energy, he's driven. Fueled. are just fueled more by calling and being nasty to them! They absolutely give Christianity and Jesus a bad name! Do you like Fueled By Ramen? it was sooo fab but fueled the obsession!!! just fueled up and packing my bags, tomorrow @ 3 valley bound ... how profound :) a successful marriage depends on its spiritual component, and this is fueled by strong religious belief. Goodnight world. Bring me - filled dreams and a milk-fueled sleeping kitty machine. $SPY 105.59, $CIT 1.20, $BAC 16.88, $AAPL 185.37 - Fueled by NASDAQ Last Sale Thank you, JonK! Expect loopy, pain killer fueled tweets to around 4pm... If Love, Robot was signed to Decaydance/Fueled By Ramen, I would be the happiest fan ever. -cough-@petewentz-cough- YES! I hope so! -> andys girlfried thinks i quote "look like a fueled by ramen type of guy." score! hahaha Wish I could've been @ merger. Seems to me that they didn't hold to same doctrine, but they were united in purpose, fueled by love. andys girlfried thinks i quote "look like a fueled by ramen type of guy." score! hahaha that's it. You can tell the run on sentances and text-style words are fueled with rage. :D There's about to be some crazy ass sugar-fueled hijinks up in the Fenway. Watch out, Boston, we've got fire and frosting. I smell a weezer fueled errand marathon tomorow. NASDAQ 3 most active: $QQQQ 42.25, $ETFC 1.75, $HBAN 4.71, Fueled by NASDAQ Last Sale Another late night paper writing session. But this time I'll be fueled by frijoles and Diet Mountain Dew. New post Fueled by Perserverance I feel compelled to point out that a bonfire fueled by plastic would be highly, highly toxic, and difficult to extinguish. Weds: no sleep. Flew to NYC. day at 11 Madison Ave. Fueled by dayquil. Presentation at 430. Dinner in Little Italy. Teeny Tiny hotel room. - fueled by ramen<3 - made with (null) I'll overlook a few things, Glee. But not even public school would let a booze-fueled prostie back in its halls. That's what GEDs are for. hey just saying ramen.. Its what I'm fueled by after all...but u wanna bring here we go ROBBITUSSEN!!! Beyotch :-D Paramore. Brand New Eyes. Squealing like the Fueled by Ramen fangirl I truly am. Download download download. Go! Go! Go! My gas light just turned on. First time I've seen it in months usually I'm good about keepin fueled up :/
If you love the DMV you will love Nationalized Health Care I'm appalled that our generation may dump on the generation who rid this world of Hitler etal with the threat of nationalized heath care from - Afghan responsibility rests w Pres. seems to treat as distraction from nationalized health-care Reading About: William Ladd: Nationalized legal services - SDNN: San Diego News Network: SDNN: Sa.. Cool response video to Hollywood Celebs peddling Nationalized Health Care. Cool response video to Hollywood Celebs peddling Nationalized Health Care. If only Obama was proposing nationalized health care your meme would work. View of nationalized health care as a line in the sand is nothing new or unique to the Obama Era. New forum topic: Nationalized Healthcare also remember a few months ago I found out private security companies who guard govt facilities may be nationalized. You're right about Whataburger. Mine closed down. :( || That's what happened when Obama nationalized all the burger joints. DID OBAMA ASK THE DANES IF THEIR NATIONALIZED HEALTHCARE SYSTEM WORKS? - They are going FROM national TO private healthcare. Harry Reid guarantees Nationalized Health Care will be shoved down our throats within 2 months; Thanks so very much Nevada! Reagan raised taxes in corporations and individuals and nationalized a few banks. Sounds like a socialist to me! Yes. Both Nix & O nationalized private industry. State owned = Socialism. Argue with yourself if you want The charge is Obama is a Socialist. Evidence: He nationalized GM, the 2nd biggest automaker in the world. "The idea of national curriculum standards and nationalized testing [is] educationally bankrupt." via that's a mischaracterization but let's get back to specifics. No industries have been "nationalized" so as to equal "socialism" name an industry we've nationalized, remembering that receivership for bankruptcy is standard and not equal to nationalization where is the responsible on the same but different hazzards of nationalized healthcare. - we deserve balanced Dem Rep Says Republicans Want Patients to "Die Quickly" Because They Oppose Nationalized Health Care (Video) Rush Limbaugh now describing tactic that "Progressives" would use to ram through nationalized health care: amendment to TARP bill. if med care is "nationalized" all fillings will be tin, amputees will have wooden prosthesis, undoc aliens won't get med aid Twisted Lib Says Republicans Want Patients 2 "Die Quickly" Because They Oppose Nationalized Health Care Twisted Lib Says Republicans Want Patients 2 "Die Quickly" Because They Oppose Nationalized Hlth Care Twisted Lib Says Republicans Want Patients 2 "Die Quickly" Because They Oppose Nationalized Health Care Twisted Lib Says Republicans Want Patients to "Die Quickly" Because They Oppose Nationalized Health Care Twisted Lib Says Republicans Want Patients to "Die Quickly" Because They Oppose Nationalized Health Care (Video) coutpost : ACTION Tell Congress "NO" to nationalized healthcare - bef.. I didnt make up the nationalized school system, therefore must work within its bounds until such a time as it can be abolished Lib Says GOP Wants Patients to "Die Quickly" Because They Oppose Nationalized Health Sick Lib Says GOP Wants Patients to "Die Quickly" Because They Oppose Nationalized Health Care (Video) The total deposits in Nationalized banks in Shimla is Rs 414,700 crore: ACTION Tell Congress "NO" to nationalized healthcare - before it's too late! Our iniquitous money system nationalized a system of oppression, more refined than chattel slavery, but no less cruel. So Mr. Moore, if the majority of Americans want nationalized health care, why the threats? via Can you survive health issues during disaster- nationalized health care? Healing frequency generator. Trisha, you are wrong, we should stay in a nationalized health care plan. However, we should asset other Tenth Amendment freedoms. Can you survive health issues during disaster- nationalized health care? Healing frequency generator. Chris Simcox Discuses Nationalized Health Care Nationalized Health Care Horror-- The Cheryl Baxter Story (Powerful Video) Nationalized Horror Ms Baxter Story_Powerful Vid Nationalized Health Care Horror-- The Cheryl Baxter Story (Powerful Video) What worries me now is a compromise which gets nationalized HC a foot in the door.... Reason # 4,276,539 why we don't want nationalized health care US - GSE Nationalized & Keep On Losing Money Fannie/Freddie should not be nationalized. You are right. But private investors don't want either. Nationalized Child Care in Canada?: In the last two federal elections in Canada, there was a fair bit of umming..
Morning, what your doing? *sounds familiar?! :D Today I try to find more and more how to utilize Twitter for finance/banking industry,idea? The Perfect way to utilize Twitter, Must Read :-) "When am I good on twitter?(by Ample tweeting time. I already utilize Social Media, right? So, I don't really have to pay attention :) is the offline version available yet? i was hoping to utilize this tomorrow, 5th period :) Do you ever utilize NaNoWriMo to help with your writing? :) If not, what did you do to kill your inner editor? Very curious as to what developers have created to utilize the gwave platform (launching next week?) :D
ty UB :) Did you note my "madferit" in the interview? ;) Off to grab a bit of sleep its because of that note sis?:) yiih.so EMBARRASING .I would really hide if that would happen to me.glad it did'nt happened :D (note the Z G :-) Midlands ??? :-) I'll come Hey, did you get my note on dA by the way? =) on a lighter note: i really enjoyed watching GLEE. :) the jock there is soooo cute. :) also mr. schouster (is the spelling right?) :D Hangover is finally gone! A whole day though? Not cool! :) On a brighter note ... I love the song 'Fuck You'. AMAZING. Twoko ampe kpn sih adanya?gw mau note ttd,,tp gw udh punya semua cd nya :( 30 menit lagi Twoko ditutup yaa :) yup! :D getting my mocha... Can u see the $1 brunei note? hey viet girl!<---she's filipino silly girl, on another note, how's the pretty girl doin? =) its been awhile. You know, a person just not meant to eat two king size candy bars, are they? An on that note, goodnight all :-) Nokia running two nested emulators Apple? Take note :) I enjoyed your note about doing a dance at your wedding...you know you can hire people to choreo that stuff now?? Sweet :) who knew slipping a "hey, wanna watch law and order with us" note under a random door would result in a bunch of new friends? :D Since when was TBL cancelled? :( hmmph. On a happy note I got my plane ticket for Cali! :) How many days again?! WHAT?! THREE?! On that note... GOODNIGHT! :-) 1:100? better than the typical 1:50 at Fresh and most other veg restaurants :) I'm making a note of Wednesdays :) How about the drums? Can you hold a note or does Simon rip you a new one? :) And on that note? I'm going to bed. :) Night friends! lol OmG!!....My 300th tweet already?? Well ill be past 400 by the end of this week.. on another note, im on my way to bed *YAWN* G'nite! :) .... Depends on the people... Every1 is different... :) ...-how soon is too soon 2 marry ur mate?--(note over 50% end n divorce) Note to fans, if a foul ball is hit in the stands (by the home team), you TRY to catch it? Don't let the other team have a shot at it. :-) who and how much? EWG on VF34: nb please note the time posted :D ok seriously, i have read through quite a few .. me too ma'am...me too....note I just hit the 15,000 mark? Nowhere NEAR yours though :) eh? on a lighter note it is family night tonight, and im decently excited :) thanks pal!! :D side note: what are the donations for? just wondering is her bus really there? I say do it! :) make sure to write a note Shaped-Note Singing J-Pop = WIN? Let's hope so! :) What's wrong with it? Looks fine to me (note: I'm no :) :) You seen the death note films? Saw awful anti-gay preacher guy today. Turns out, he has a wikipedia. Note the pic half way down. Photoshop anyone? :D Fountain pens have died out? Since when? Note to self: Fountain pens have died out for a reason :) Those poor Brazilians get a bad rep. :) Side note: Ever attended a Brazilian worship service? They know their worship! yes 30th Sept chadwick. take note darling :) hows ur monkey? i have a beany for monkey. i spoil that soft toy rotten have you put a note with your dream into Bulgakov's house mail box? they say Master reads them & makes them to come true :) i would make this easy and text you but thats no fun so i wrote you a note :) find me after school ? Helps? English note :-) Have a good MELEE memory? We'd love to see it. Drop us a note here :) Oh. One of THOSE. :-( On a side note, how can ANYONE dislike YOU?! :-) My comp is full of texteditor notes :) do they count? I think note taking is a lost form. you didn't get your package yet?? lmk when it arrives! i included an apologetic note and everything :) on a brighter note, Grey's Anatomy is BACK! what would happen to O'Malley? not to mention Ellen Pompeo is pregnant! can't wait to know :) On another note, so happy and grateful to see another day! How's everyone's morning? :) Side-Note: FeaR NoT!!!! MaJoRiTY of said CouNTinG will take place only in my own HeaD. :) Commence 'sigh of relief All better now? 'if you were a sticky note what colour would you be?' nice facebook, cos thats what ive always wanted to know :D got love note today? :) awesome, I wish I know your address :) what did the note say?? why did I call so quick? Because I'm lame and already in bed! Note to self: wait for response so not to look pathetic. Haha! =) Studying....it never ends! Where is that light at the end of the tunnel? On a positive note...it's Homecoming weekend ^_^
Please pass on that i have a new shop Thanks! Please pass on that i have a new shop Thanks! Mint Berry Charm Bracelet on Folksy pop over to this shop for fantastic vintage buttons Horse Sense: Horse Sense is a folksy way of saying common sense. The expression was inspired by the cow ponies .. Loopy headbands are now on sale at seventyseventyone Etsy, Folksy and Coriandr shops. re-visiting my p&p on folksy and going to try and figure out international postage prices to open up to the intenational market...yay. Cancer Research UK and buy handmade Listed 4 new coin purses take a look Just spent waaay too long listening to obscure folksy/indie/weird/cool music with Ingrid and Steph.It's official: Ingrid and I are soulmates Brooklyn band Jodienda to play Basement 414 with folksy sound: It's more like we see the music as a project.. halloween is so badass cuz dmb is mostly folksy, jazzy and then outta nowhere they pound you with hardcore angry rock n roll She's the best and an informative tweeter and I live in CA! Guest this week: MO Sen - We understand she's folksy. Brooklyn band Jodienda to play Basement 414 with folksy sound: The two members talked Brooklyn stereotypes, wha.. Ask her if Palin ruined the word "folksy" for all of the folksy folks like her. Marshall McPeek, you're so folksy... Dont judge by tweets, she is not folksy. Calculating, corrupt politician. Lapdog to Obama. Omg, Claire just made the big-time. Guest this week: MO Sen Claire McCaskill. We understand she's folksy. Your favorite! Better listen. Guest this week: MO Sen Claire McCaskill. We understand she's folksy. Teehee. Guest this week: MO Sen Claire McCaskill. We understand she's folksy. Guest this week: MO Sen Claire McCaskill. We understand she's folksy. Guest this week: MO Sen Claire McCaskill. We understand she's folksy. awesome! is definitely folksy (if I may judge her on her tweets). Can't wait for the show. Guest this week: MO Sen Claire McCaskill. We understand she's folksy. Guest this week: MO Sen Claire McCaskill. We understand she's folksy. omg dude above me stop singing your hokey folksy cover music shoot me now =p New Avett Brothers album totally rocks, in a folksy rock kind of way, of course. But still, awesome. I tried to do a folksy song and have people clap. People cannot keep beats and I messed up. Results for cast tonight! oO Snowflake obsidian earrings listed on Folksy Listening to a band I've not heard of before called Smoke Fairies - being interviewed on xfm and I'm really liking their sound. folksy/rock is listing new items on Folksy: Just blogged about the Folksy Cancer Research shop: ... Your blog is fab... I am jealous!!! I tried my best with mine but you put me to shame :D Big folksy love xxx In Folksy today: Halloween pumpkin Meerkat: The meerkats want to go trick or treating...so I ha.. Lovely blog feature on photographers includes my 'Over to Donegal' thanks for reminding me about the folksy oxfam shop!...... I'm gonna a donation now! Another day, another job rejection. Thank goodness for Folksy retail therapy, ordered some lovely notebooks: go on treat yourself & help the miscarriage association 10% of all sales being donated until Sun 4th Oct I love these candles on Folksy :: Buy "Mushroom Candles" - Does anyone know if they have mini's for and Folksy? Survived the Ikea trip (just) and have now listed this on Folksy Diggin' the classic folksy pop tunes today: The Voluntary Butler Scheme - All quite different: Richard Davis=weepy vocal tech-house,dominique=folksy acoustic songs, twinkly mnml. All good do look at my etsy, and folksy shops... just look for butterfly pie on any if the previous. joy etsy and folksy it is! fingers crossed people like it! Nice rosey posey bracelet - new listing on 10% of takings going to the miscarriage association, end Sun 4th
you're "go out and confront a man with a loaded gun" REAL! I know, I was there! :-) Steve Israel town hall meeting coming up. all TEA and 9-12ers going to be there in force to confront his lies and deceit Dreading work for today knowing I have to confront an a@#hole....but good news is 2 till U2! woke up frm my long nap.feels so tiring in free great day to spent wit my pals and hang up makes some ease before confront with th conti ... The worst thing to confront is to watch the person you love loving someone else! Golden Gate residents confront neighborhood crime - Today is simple, 2moro the nother nitemare confront...Lol, im gettin wurse at math, dunno wtf is hittin ma head...Sleepn yall World~ ARAB POLICY TO CONFRONT ISRAELI AGGRESSION ON AL-AQSA MOSQUE NOT ENOUGH - MOUSSA Are You Ready To Confront Your Cheating Spouse Citizens Confront Wellpoint: Giant Insurer a Poster-Child for Abusive Practices Are You Prepared To Confront Your Cheating Spouse haha. and ain is gonna confront her. So, what should I do for dinner world? If you're in the inner west and also face the same drama let me know - we can confront it together! by Hundreds Of Angry Residents Confront Of Seattle An... - Hundreds Of Angry Residents Confront Of Seattle An... - Wings confront Father Time: Stockholm, Sweden --They&apos;ve either seen it, read it or heard it. You know they.. The demons from your past will always haunt you unless you confront them, then you can move forward So true! Tricks r4 kids! Ladies: if your man is smashin another chick... dont confront her, she aint the one you sleeping with ; ) thats true... but yet a simple bitch would confront the other chick and still be sleepin wit the nigga... SMH... ashame Ladies: if your man is smashin another chick... dont confront her, she aint the one you sleeping with ; ) >>>>WOOOOOOOOOW I need to confront these trust issues...what if it issss right?? Ughhhhh haha yeah i just saw her. : P did u confront her? obtaining my confident to step up n confront with it. Fight b4 surrender. ... I cheated on the BANK with a dude we worked with and that he was cool with. Everyone knew but him and when he tried to confront me I denyed Wings confront Father Time: Stockholm, Sweden --They&apos;ve either seen it, read it or heard it. You know they.. France's Sarkozy wanted to confront Iran at UN but was told no because it ... Kena hit and run by a lorry. When confront him almost kena whack. So I did the most sensible thing. Call his boss. Yeah, back when I thought you hacked my account. I was calling to confront you. =( Member when I said to run? now would be the time It seems a rodent has showed up <Gets out of car to confront> Detroit News >> Wings confront Father Time New in Burien: Hundreds Of Angry Residents Confront Of Seattle And FAA Officials About Airpo.. should i confront to parents about the brow thang?? O.o Convincing women to confront their male oppressors tina turner style Citizens Confront Wellpoint: Giant Insurer a Poster-Child for Abusive Practices ||More please... Citizens Confront Wellpoint: Giant Insurer a Poster-Child for Abusive Practices WOW "To be happy one only must be able to confront (experience) those things that are." gets to confront kids who are bothering my sister tomorrow =) A woman should know how to quit a job, break up with a lover and confront a friend without ruining the friendship. Hundreds of angry residents confront of Seattle and FAA officials about noise at Tuesday night's... Citizens Confront Wellpoint: Giant Insurer a Poster-Child for Abusive Practices the longer you wait to confront, more difficult it will be.....and I have heard from one of my "Areas you do not confront head-on will never remain silent. They must be brought to the Cross for a face-off" - Lisa Bevere at the end of the day u are alone and left to confront your own thoughts. what do u do when ur speaks louder than ur mind? omg that was soo messed what she did.! dude u need to get over her! fudgeee. confront her!! bitches get stiches.!!<333 & HE COVERED THE BABY IN PLASTIC WRAP IN SMOOTHERD HIM TO DEATH... BECAUSE THE WIFE WUDNT KUM HM & CONFRONT HIM WHEN HIS FATHER DIED Exodus 8:20 Get Up & Confront Pharaoh! Or a Pharaoh Spirit! >.< Well, that's something you'll have to confront Kat about....but you're such an idiot! Im about to confront my dad tell u later(kara) well here we go
NTL really are useless To make it a trending topic. why are people add some # to her/ his tweet? i was thinking it's useless That was a useless double-tweet. never fly with them ..... worst experience! useless twats whoaaa!! =) "money is only money when u spend, if not, it's just useless paper" - uncle taxi. Whoa! I love him already. Hazard Kentucky Daily Quote 10/1/09: Peter F. Drucker: There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that wh.. "money is only money when u spend, if not, it's just useless paper" - uncle taxi. Whoa! I love him already. is useless in subways. My new mantra in life: "Avoid useless distraction at all costs." some people are like slinkys...pretty useless, but they still make you smile when you push them down the stairs! is feeling useless... i would be useless. I would just pass out. Congressman Cantor is a useless mouth piece for the GOPKKK. In fact his mouth drips of bacteria like his backside. Dauntless Spirit 100% useless - & they jus repeat the scens again & again...Useless people...two days i happnd to watch..one was on useless of (1/2) she is a loser I just want to see how hopeless and useless she is lol ^_^ But is it putting chummus on that sandwich? If not, then it's useless! Thank you lovely. Sometimes I'm useless. Sometimes I'm okay. But most of the time I do my best. Actually you can judge a person on a million things so that thought is basically useless nevermind. so frustrating when people don't read your emails properly and reply something useless!! Claire Fox argues we need an 'intellectual fight for... "useless" knowledge' in today's No twitter, facebook, texting, phonecalls, internet. Just a useless phone!!! FML Warning: twitter makes you sprout useless facts that no one cares about. MsMariaNadia Stop being so angry. Useless. Tor bridges posted anywhere public become useless the moment they are seen. [via @ TheVeni1] Just because I can't catch something doesn't mean I'm useless. Staying at home is useless because the internet is crappy, YM doesn't work, and I'm not helping anyone by lazing around. It's like... There's a milquetoast man who sits behind me w/stay at home wife who's useless wife who can't handle even a non flushing loo by herself. Just had my break, now making homework and doing something useless. If i had known better i would have chosen Starhub instead of friggin' useless Singtel. so can loopt help me stalk people i DON'T know? because if not, it's Marketing degree is now useless because of this FREE training vid ==> School this week has been useless damn the Philippine government! the people there are useless! my eyes are in pain and blurry again. this is bad. very very bad. eye mo also useless. useless and disappointing SO CLOSE TO FRIDAY! ;_; At least I can sleep in Third period today. Home-Ec is just USELESS. I hope you see this, Ms. Sands. people are spreading like crazy. not a lot of love for the useless old heap of bricks with a bell on top. A useless life is an early death. I feel darn useless nt being able to say anything to make you feel better darls.. is going to give useless information all day long! Righto, dear one! Time to toss the useless coins and whip out that crumpled dollar. It will flatten out nicely. Got my AIR Twitter client working! Yay, so awesome, so useless! Stupid Samsung Pixon has frozen again, completely. Pretty useless for a touch-screen phone this is pretty random but : Every time I wake up & look in the mirror I get extra happy due 2 my blonde hair<3 (ok this was a useless tweet) It's useless to fight. Marketing degree is now useless because of this FREE training vid ==> I also remember it talking about how useless the peace corps are in Monte Carlo. So useless to follow stars like dino morea, karan johar,tarun and others when they never reply my tweets.
"The Figs Don't Work" - the Verve Now playing: BITTER SWEET SYMPHONY by VERVE Now playing: BITTER SWEET SYMPHONY by VERVE Verve Sales Baltimore City Public Schools Honored For Healthy Menu: The Johns Hopkins Center for a L.. I travel the country/world following my fav DJs with an inflatable Verve!. a little bit like "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants" movie. Snacking on sushi, listening to The Verve and trying to write a sponsorship proposal for Orange. It's Friday tomorrow! x Move To Groove / The Best Of 1970's Jazz Funk / Verve Buy Verve Cure for insurance paperwork -- avoidance: It's bad enough to be sick and miserable. But add.. New Belgium going strong in weak economy - Verve Buy Verve Go easy on the salt, Ottawa - Globe and Mail: Globe and MailGo easy on the salt, OttawaGlobe.. Buy Verve Lots of sweets makes kids thuggish adults, claims new study - Mirror.co.uk: New Zealand Hera.. Buy Verve Baltimore City Public Schools Honored For Healthy Menu: The Johns Hopkins Center for a Livab.. Verve Online Appendix 3B on exercise of unlisted options - The Age: Appendix 3B on exercise of unli.. Verve Business Baltimore City Public Schools Honored For Healthy Menu: The Johns Hopkins Center f.. Verve Team Go easy on the salt, Ottawa - Globe and Mail: Globe and MailGo easy on the salt, OttawaGlo.. Verve Team Lots of sweets makes kids thuggish adults, claims new study - Mirror.co.uk: New Zealand He.. Verve Nutrition DTI steps up campaign for healthy lifestyle - Philippine Information Agency: DTI.. Verve Nutrition Appendix 3B on exercise of unlisted options - The Age: Appendix 3B on exercise o.. on air: The Rolling People by The Verve. listen now: Buenas. Corrida pampa, sampa no walkman. -> The Verve - Bittersweet Symphony. A doce sinfonia da amargura... A healthy energy drink alternative for more info go to and click on VERVE! Verve Drink Appendix 3B on exercise of unlisted options - The Age: Appendix 3B on exercise of unlist.. Verve Drink Regular exercise 'can cut chance of developing breast cancer' - Telegraph.co.uk: Telegra.. Verve Drink Mixing environmentalism and exercise - The Sheaf: Mixing environmentalism and exerciseTh.. Verve Drink Unbound the secrets of healthy living with the latest book by Dr ... - (Pr.. Energy Verve Brilliant Idea: GPS Shoes for Alzheimer's Sufferers: "There's no place like home," rep.. Energy Verve Unbound the secrets of healthy living with the latest book by Dr ... - (.. Energy Verve Appendix 3B on exercise of unlisted options - The Age: Appendix 3B on exercise of unli.. Energy Verve Regular exercise 'can cut chance of developing breast cancer' - Telegraph.co.uk: Teleg.. Energy Verve Mixing environmentalism and exercise - The Sheaf: Mixing environmentalism and exercise.. i do like a friend with plenty of verve..haha "I Wished On The Moon" by Billie Holiday from "The Complete Billie Holiday On Verve 1945-1959" "April In Paris" by Billie Holiday from "The Complete Billie Holiday On Verve 1945-1959" I need some music while I wait. Verve: Bitter Sweet symphony (real link) I need some music while I wait. Verve: Bitter Sweet symphony Maybe you've tried energy drinks in the past to keep you up, but the rules have "Ain't Nobody's Business If I Do [Live]" by Billie Holiday from "The Complete Billie Holiday On Verve 1945-1959" Buy Verve Lots of sweets makes kids thuggish adults - Mirror.co.uk: Daily MailLots of sweets makes kid.. Verve Online Regular exercise 'can cut chance of developing breast cancer' - Telegraph.co.uk: Teleg.. Verve Business Food news: The London Restaurant Festival and Nutmeg & Custard by ... - Telegraph... Verve Business Swiss Health Care Thrives Without Public Option: on the Swiss system sugge.. Verve Team Lots of sweets makes kids thuggish adults - Mirror.co.uk: Daily MailLots of sweets makes k.. Verve Nutrition Swiss Health Care Thrives Without Public Option: on the Swiss system sug.. Verve Nutrition Regular exercise 'can cut chance of developing breast cancer' - Telegraph.co.uk:.. Order Verve Brilliant Idea: GPS Shoes for Alzheimer's Sufferers: "There's no place like home," repea.. Order Verve Change Your "Fat" Habits: Follow these simple solutions to the five most common nutritio.. Samuel Kfir-El "IT Consultant,IP Security,Vemma,Verve,NEXT,Antioxidant,Wellness,Nutrition Supplement, Swine Flu ,Business ... Verve Sales Can Food Lower Your Cholesterol? Test Your Knowledge: When it comes to food and choleste..
*Yaws* Sirius can we finish shopping tomorrow? MY MOMMY IS HOME TIL THE 6TH!! ") || YAWS TIME WILL COME JUS BE PATIENT! ... yah moms blow eh? Haha jp. But I guess it runs in yaws fam. Its only right if u sing good too. GURL I NEEDA CHANGE MY NAME AND MAKE IT LIKE YAWS LOL....IM THINKING MzNevYasin......lol JK JK JK ooooo what's going on! R should I guess yaws frens wife BH. ROBO-V: Surrogates Trailer # 1 Official HD - Bruce Willis - ...: Author: copanas Keywords: Surrogate Movie Trailer Bruce Hey! Yaws truly is from the Bawstin area! My parents still live theyah. ur still out here??? Ooooooo this is not dr yaws class... U need to go to skool!!!! I'm talkin like I never missd class aX|sH0Wt1Me vs mTw|yAwS 0-2 Oxygen and Cancer: The first notion that chronic oxygen reduction in cells can lead to cancer was first proven by Nobel our gspots aint in our ass stupid.howeva...bet u aint kno dat yaws gspot is n yaw ass;) y u thnk it ... our gspots aint in our ass stupid.howeva...bet u aint kno dat yaws gspot is n yaw ass;) y u thnk its so many gay dudes? Dallas Cowboys gonna take care of all biz this season! Put it on 'em 'Boys! NY Giants we on yaws heels!!! GO COWBOYS! shwel bntr lg yaws watching the DOCTORS, -yaws- im tired dudes ,woke up so early today, but i got a big huge day ahead of me :D APAAN SIH SIAPA?CAPLANG YE?AH TALITHA YG SUKA KNP JD GUA?AMITAMIT NAJYISSS iya mungkin saja terpesona yaws HEY FOLLOWERS WE JUS SAYIN WUTS UP AND WE GOT A LOT A NEW SHIT HEADED YAWS WAY SO JUS STAY TUNED AND WE WILL KEEP YAT UPDATED IIGHT!! *yaws, stretches, then attacks ut after mother egans 6th and west yaws and kid in the mix yaw pik yaws dogs shyt up wen u go 2 dat park man u mines as well git da damn mut a litter box yaw cut yaws grass every friday faithfully lol yaws yard b lookn nice....inside da house b lookin lyk sum bullshyt hehe, FWIW I use yaws because I'm familiar with it. Mochiweb has a smaller learning curve, yaws has more features Looking at yaws and mochiweb. Can anyone (hint hint...@ar3te :) ), make a recommendation? GAAAHS. Back to twit yaws. eeewwwww yall are nasty duuudesss lol love yaws. marii i see u have a tweet buddy, so im out txt meh swaggy baddiie siiss says off yaws (wave) WHY YOU ALWAYS GTTA BE A WHORE ABOUT SHIT? YOU TLK BAD ABOUT MAURISHA WEN YAW HAD YAWS BEEF...NEVA DOUT'D YOU'D TLK BOUT ME TOO
'Mobile Media in a Post App-Store World' free White Paper from Juniper Research & Diffusion Mobile- 'Mobile Media in a Post AppStore World' free White Paper from Juniper Research and Diffusion Mobile - 'Mobile Media in a Post App-Store World' free White Paper from Juniper Research and Diffusion Mobile - I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Sound Diffusion Photos": brand create their own ripoffs, run with it for 2 years, launch fakes as a diffusion line. veille marketing: la veille marketing est la recherche le traitement et la diffusion de re.. 300 Mio users! Dynamics of diffusion model;-) There must be an SD model behind, at least it would be helpful. Am in love with Pete the doorman at Diffusion - are there any 'nicest doorman' awards I can enter him into I wonder? just found out the story he was up recording/editing is getting an airing on 2ser's science show 'Diffusion' next week. Fuck & yeah. Google fueling the SEO cottage indstry and finally respecting content diffusion. Introduces Canonical URLs thanks I tried to move diffusion but the only guy showing up will be there at 7pm, so I miss the talk have to record and edit Diffusion tonight for a deadline tomorrow due to long weekend Diffusion is a chemical process that is used in the study of chemistry. or should I say diffusion? Diffusion is a newcomer to world of treated gemstones and is already surrounded by controversy. Diffusion... Check out this clip: Rachel Roy's diffusion line for Macy's Diffusion in Materials: Dimat2008 (Defect and Diffusion Forum) - by A. Aguero et al. - Trans Tech Pubn. The diffusion approximation overestimates the extinction risk for count-based PVA if 8 in 0 out, charge is 8. Following diffusion 4 in 4 out charge is 0. Therefore the potential was -8 cell became negative by 8. Visit HowStuffWorks to learn all about diffusion. Diffusion is a chemical process that is used in the study of chemistry. [ScienceDaily] New Keys For Diffusion Of Information In Social Networks for the radiologist: Inverse reconstruction method for segmented multishot diffusion-weighted MRI with mul... I want in the trending topic before the canadian diffusion.. and you? How does the diffusion process influence MPOC? Read new blog from Cheryl Parker. Damn... All this time I was using diffusion theory to describe ballistic photons... lame The Locker is one of the best war movies I've seen. Movie on a bomb diffusion squad at Iraq. Long movie but pretty darn good. Diffusion is a chemical process that is used in the study of chemistry. Visit HowStuffWorks to learn all about diffusion. How does the diffusion process influence MPOC? Read new blog from Cheryl Parker. the models for how products spread come from the models for study of Epidemics ( bass diffusion model ) F32 Diffusion Process Engineer - Phoenix, AZ Get Process Engineer Jobs How does the diffusion process influence MPOC? Read new blog from Cheryl Parker. Check out this clip for Rachel Roy's diffusion line for Macy's silly u why is every1 talking about babies oh??! something I don't knw abt?? ;) like swine flu diffusion... The Diffusion Group (@asktdg) releases survey in conjunction with for consumer results on pay TV. Data-exchange Standards and International Organizations: Adoption and Diffusion (Ad... - by Josephine Wapakabulo Thomas. do people only date within their race... ever happened to cultural diffusion lmaoo --- oo ggoshh!! lmfaoo fine; day off for me... and it's a french day ! (season 4 ep 11)...; just before the canadian diffusion We are looking for a new technical director: to get the job proposal diffusion@arsenal.ca do people only date within their race... ever happened to cultural diffusion lmaoo Dapat di ko nga maamoy because of the diffusion process diba? Movement of molecules from greater to lower concentration. - I'm like WHAAAT?! The diffusion approximation overestimates the extinction risk for count-based PVA Selling Solar: The Diffusion of Renewable Energy in Emerging Markets The diffusion approximation overestimates the extinction risk for count-based PVA Gcse science, diffusion. Almost as gd as the time i put my penis in vinegar, but shh Love love love that Sonia Rykiel is doing a diffusion line for H&M. In stores on December 5 ... join the queue ladies!! Dust storm science, dogs and rats on twitter- Diffusion podcast: Diffusion in Solids and Liquids IV (Defect and Diffusion Forum) - by A. Ochsner et al. - Trans Tech Pubn. Diffusion in Materials: Dimat2008 (Defect and Diffusion Forum) - by A. Aguero et al. - Trans Tech Pubn. California Romantic and Resourceful; : a plea for the collection, preservation and diffusion... - by John Francis Davis. Workn on national accounts,mental diffusion slow,golden coke tastes weird...
CT Jobs | Hematological Oncology Account Manager,(01BB Ct,NY,Yale New haven) at G.. GlaxoSmithKline is Hiring: Hematological Oncology Account Manage... (New Haven, CT) MethylGene on status & results from Trial 005, 008 & 010 of MGCD0103 for
Hi walt,I have the GSM version of Hero,never had issues with the responsiveness of the screen.I wonder if it's ur unit or? How can the latest findings of comScore related to user responsiveness of online ads be applied to mobile marketing? looking pretty! how's the responsiveness so far? Attempted to preach an enc. message tonight on The Power of God from Ex 14. Very encouraged by the attentiveness & responsiveness of teens. Real time is not just immediacy-it also offers presence info, syncing, efficiency & responsiveness. (via Real time is not just immediacy-it also offers presence info, syncing, efficiency & responsiveness. Real Real time is not just immediacy-it also offers presence info, syncing, efficiency & responsiveness. Real time is not just immediacy-it also offers presence info, syncing, efficiency & responsiveness. (via Real time is not just immediacy-it also offers presence info, syncing, efficiency & responsiveness. Real time is not just immediacy-it also offers presence info, syncing, efficiency & responsiveness. Real time is not just immediacy-it also offers presence info, syncing, efficiency & responsiveness. including delivery, quality, flexibility, communication and responsiveness for assigned accounts. thanks for getting back to me. I have been less than impressed with the responsiveness and professionalism of the candidates there. Very curious how you find the responsiveness on a NetBook. Emotional, Motivational and Interpersonal Responsiveness of Children with Autism in Improvisational Music Therapy: My biggest complaint about iPhone apps is responsiveness. If u registered my tap, do *something* immediately to let me know ur not frozen. Research:Emotional, Motivational & Interpersonal Responsiveness of Children w/#Autism in Improvisational Therapy Kitty Tip of the Day: 7 Signs Your Cat is Having an Emergency Health Problem 1) Non-Responsiveness 2) Labored... Awesome! one of the founders of commented on my post about the service. Gold star for responsiveness Nice to see your responsiveness ... a testament to your spirit of service. :) Strive for a natural responsiveness that is based on inner strength rather than outer show. ... Can anyone recommend a decent UK-based web host? Reliability and responsiveness more than cost... Well, I tried the 64bit version for a few weeks, it lacks the same responsiveness :-( headed to double dutch pending alcohol responsiveness ! I sincerely think responsiveness is key, in social media. Defuses the naysaying bomb. Wondering if a glass of Laphroaig 16-yr-old will improve Marmoset's responsiveness. Your responsiveness rocks! visor 2.2 for terminal.app fixes some huge responsiveness issues that plagued 2.1 - very happy now! The best thing is interface responsiveness, much better then 5800 & friends. well, thanks for the responsiveness and the good service. Way to go! Kudos to I rattle off 1 bitchy tweet and I get all of response from their tweeple Good responsiveness to readers Kudos to I rattle off one bitchy tweet and I get all of response from their tweeple. Good responsiveness to readers. Responsiveness should be a top priority in web usability Coexistence can only happen peacefully if we refuse resistant lifestyles and embrace responsiveness to humanity, Am really disappointed with customer service of late. What happened to the great responsiveness a year ago? webOS 1.2 update for Palm Pre has the device showing some nice speed increases n responsiveness-nice. Still luv Palm Pre - Kasey needs Pixi! looking forward to it. Oddly enough I've had amazing speed and responsiveness with tumblr Is Firefox 3.5 just feeling slow and bloated because I'm used to Chrome's speed and responsiveness? Are other users feeling a slowdown also? Isn't the bamboo the bottom line? So they responsiveness and detail would be less as to the intous? glad you are here I only wish the web hosting side of your business mirrored your responsiveness and commitment. Nokia Europe - Responsiveness Viewer (via Phase One 645DF | PhotographyBLOG: Capture responsiveness and autofocus speeds are claimed to have been highly .. Today's savings ratio stats defy economic theory again. Lifecycle earnings hypothesis? Returns-responsiveness? No, just good ol' human n ... Don't worry...this latest dump from TouchFlo 2.6.11 will gain your attention for its responsiveness. Sleep: A state in which the eyes close and consciousness is lost, so that there is a decrease in movement and responsiveness to stimuli. responsiveness counts, big time! I try to send a video email to everyone who leaves a comment on the site for the 1st time :-) When my son graduated from vestibular under-responsiveness (a.k.a. never getting dizzy no matter how many times I...
have sent Les ot get go (grumbling) as I have to be out again to be at mfields for 1.30 anyway - sam's heraing test. Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns. I am thankful that thorns have roses. - Allophones Karr Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns. I am thankful that thorns have roses. - Allophones Karr Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns. I am thankful that thorns have roses. - Allophones Karr Have some sore throat of death this morning, grumbling about it. Grumbling. Would you stop? Please? Also, still grumbling about pathetic screen resolutions on laptops. Current 5yo one is 1400x1050 for god's sake. Can't find anything near. Tummy's grumbling. Hungry. Anywhere nice to eat in town? Pizza express perhaps? has just observed lightening in the night sky, Four times in a row....& is yet to hear the slow grumbling of their thunder... my tummy's grumbling. rawrrr! really really hungry.--900th tweet! :) mu tummy's grumbling. rawrrr! really really hungry. is grumbling. for some reason her fav studio at Bosch is giving her an ugly cyan aura around her avi! *sigh* impatient man in the post office is grumbling about "not having all day". IT'S HALF NINE! my stomach is grumbling...i can smell the burger...so much for punishment I hope black ronnie doesn't pipe up and his argumentitive grumbling. Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns. I am thankful that thorns have roses. - Allophones Karr stomach grumbling...but i dont wanna eat 2 am and my stomach won't stop grumbling. I'm making a sandwhich and watching glee lovely....can't frikin sleep, storm is brewing. thunder is a grumbling and i'm missing my man. rly rly rly hungry.i can hear my tummy grumbling is my belly grumbling? lol I'm sucha pig >< Wow everyone, thinks that harleys are cooler than crotch rockets. What?! Super speed and handling vs big dudes on grumbling bikes?! near Shelton tonight at 8:30, it was a 2.9. I only felt my tummy grumbling. Kinder Bueno, Pandan Cake or Tronky for lunch? Decision decision, stomach grumbling, i'm losing my Grumbling tummy, where's my hunny? Whatever happened to Winnie The Pooh? Such a lovely throwback. I can hear my tummy grumbling for munchies right now! Yeah, She is grumbling behind your back. Exploring kallang with bestie,stomach still grumbling,no sign of good food Aw, I should quit grumbling. Playin' Scrabble on X-Box Live, reading good comics, eating yummy Ramen... Life's good. :) has a grumbling stomach When you're stomach is grumbling louder than your laptop is churning, it's time to stop for lunch Our POSITION IN CHRIST will take away complaints and grumbling to be replaced with joy and singing. Okay, I take back my grumbling about the Tyson's Corner Apple Store. The replaced my MacBook Pro's faulty battery without hassle. Peel and eat shrimp did not stick with me..my tummy is grumbling in classsss that doesn't get out for another hour. Poopers. just do it. there's no time grumbling *grumbling about chocolate syrup and banana's were really hard to get out of the carpet* absolutely, second chances, & are all good, those grumbling idiots need to look at their imperfect life, before they bark Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns. I am thankful that thorns have roses. - Allophones Karr First grumbling on twitter... Hello stomach. I hear you. You can stop grumbling now. Thank you. and now my stomach is grumbling and needs to refuel ;P Do I have a worm because I just ate again and my tummy is grumbling again?? :( That grumbling noise is my stomach and i'm waiting to eat dinner. haha "What's that sound?" 'It's just the wind." *large grumbling noise* 'What is that? THAT's not the wind.' Signs of the Times 9/30. Topics: Polanski, Taking Action not grumbling, nature of Islam. This is a lively one. | (grumbling to self) Tummy sinuses are 2 sizes too big, temperature AND my Blackberry (Billie) is sicker than me. (grumble-grumble) Oh, really. I'm on my way to school now. If there's a sea sick, now I'm having school sick. No lie, I'm gonna throw up. Grumbling stomach. Off to soundcheck...My MyTouch Google Phone is officially dead....Grumbling with a Samsung until I can get a replacement in NYC. Grrrr...
Made it over 50k words! All scale stats complete. Good internal consistency rates and factor analysis results and of course your consistency is inconsistent... I would say 'only refuge' is the last refuge of the unimaginative - Source: A gtalk friend is the last refuge of the unimaginative - Source: A gtalk friend Saddlers looking for more home : WALSALL manager Chris Hutchings is demanding greater consistency from.. Saddlers looking for more home : WALSALL manager Chris Hutchings is demanding greater consistency from.. Updated my "weekly top ten" list. Lots of consistency over past few weeks in top spots: How to leverage "consistency" in selling your product. Bugged by tweetdeck's (iPhone) inconsistency. No rhyme nor reason to what's stored. Never underestimate of consistency of user exp. "Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative." :P I make mine fresh, too. Consistency an issue, but I make a point of it on the site - spin it to be positive! Consistency, precision, orders for the Palmer team, especially Thomas Duroux and Sabrina Pernet keyword this weekend: consistency From a consistency standpoint better to try & keep a set schedule so that you develop a habit & increase prob that u will wrkout i wish the palace grounds had consistency @ acoustics.. Aerosmith there was a disaster.. however Deep Purple was great How can copywriters use "consistency" to build powerful buying urges. Usability (Accessibility, Aesthetics, Consistency) definitions & measurements in place? The seeker will feel this wall slowly losing its consistency; he will experience a kind of change in the texture of his being, ...> Depends upon consistency and flavouring, let's check the consistency of a electron from a landline or your money with leonard cohen playing in the topics so do you think there's a way for the deck to play better defense without losing much consistency/speed? Good Night World, Ready For Another Interesting Day In my Unpredictable Life...Ready For Some Consistency!!! ... Change nothing and continue with immaculate consistency "Survival" and "Consistency" - How can you use these instincts to sell? Reading nice interviews: consistency and narrow your focus. Could not agree more. reading it. Getting An A In Sex Doesnt Put You In The Game If You Got A F in consistency(Pow! Let em know!) Why do people admire "consistency" so much? Getting An A In Sex Doesnt Put You In The Game If You Got A F in consistency Why is using "consistency" so and powerful in your sales letters? with harveys help has decided that the truffles me & jen made are of the consistency. The Law of Consistency by Perry Belcher Idaho Press-Tribune >> O-line finds consistency, success Consistency Keeps Eli Manning, Giants on Top of NFL Rankings - NFL ...: 4. Mike Peterson, Atlanta Falcons The 1.. You need to get the LORD back in your hands so you can catch a football again with some kind of consistency! The secret of success is consistency of purpose O-line finds consistency, They haven't found any offensive consistency. Have played 3 QBs. Firefox 3.5, though I appreciate its consistency, is way too slow. It has been relegated to being a Pandora wrapper. Is it really disappointment if it's the same people? Shouldn't you celebrate the consistency? Consistency, determination and above all GOD, if we want R country back we hav to be united put God back in our & souls, we need him! has pistachio ice cream! Food of the gods in most peculiar shade of green... don't like the consistency, but i put up with it 4 the flavor. Repeatedly in awe of the amazing mind of God and the consistency of His Word. C.I.E. Context Is Everything. No always means no, so why doesn't rape always mean rape? Come on Hollywood, how about a little consistency... ILY dnt ever change, cuz u hve alwys been the same & i like this consistency yr so genuine & cherish the last days of being 16! Discipline is consistency without compromise! Pray for focus. September 2009? Warm, dry in a record book way - Minneapolis Star Tribune: A model of pleasant consistency, Sep.. oh I remember it well, every other week of rechecking its consistency. I don't miss it Consistency is good, glad to hear =)
On Nullification And The Force Bill at Ballot Drive for Legal Pot in CA" THX PSA 2 I'm sure the prosecution will *love* you if you bring up Jury Nullification. Ohio to Consider National Health Care Nullification Ohio to Consider National Health Care Nullification There's always jury nullification ;) fight to illuminate the difference between moochers and hard working human beings. (Neer-do-wells Need Nullification Now). whoot. Nullification!!!!! just remember about jury nullification! Republicans are talking nullification. Welcome back to the 1830s. Ohio to Consider National Health Care Nullification (url fixed!) Go States! Go 10th Amendment! Ohio to Consider Nullification: Ohio to Consider National Health Care Nullification (url fixed!) (via Ohio to Consider National Health Care Nullification Ohio to Consider National Health Care Nullification Ohio to Consider National Health Care Nullification Ohio to Consider National Health Care Nullification Ohio considering Health care Nullification via Would pa consider national health care nullification? Yeah Riiiiighhht Still... Go, Buckeyes! ;D --> Ohio to Consider National Health Care Nullification (url fixed!) Ohio to Consider National Health Care Nullification (url fixed!) Go, Buckeyes! --> Ohio to Consider National Health Care Nullification Ohio to Consider National Health Care Nullification State Nullification, Still Not An Option - they will do anything 2 prevent ppl from getting HC State Nullification, Still Not An Option - Washington Monthly: State nullification, still not an option: STATE NULLIFICATION, STILL NOT.. 1798 - Jefferson, The 10th Amendment and Nullification. Ignoring the Feds thru "Nullification." 1 Yr In Jail or $25,000 Fine for Not Buying Obamacare <> Brogdon & Ritze Health Care Nullification Press Conference: Tulsa Area Republicans Restor.. Nullification: Ballot Drive for Legal Pot in CA via Arizona HCR2014: National Health Care Nullification Coming to Ohio now, SJR7. Arizona HCR2014: National Health Care Nullification Nullification the nuclear option for conservatives opposing Obamacare 10th amend allows it via Getting tired of Fedzilla?: NULLIFICATION OF UNCONSTITUTIONAL LAWS Thanks!! Tired of Fedzilla? The states have a nuclear option 2 NULLIFICATION OF UNCONSTITUTIONAL LAWS check to see your state has a nullification plan! Getting tired of Fedzilla? The states have nuclear option 2: NULLIFICATION OF UNCONSTITUTIONAL LAWS Getting tired of Fedzilla? The NULLIFICATION OF UNCONSTITUTIONAL LAWS
"What's the difference between a liberal and a conservative? A liberal will interpret the constitution, a conservative will quote it!" ~Rush Has recovered a 1999 picture of me drinking milk, wearing a Liberal baseball cap. How embarassment. And no not a for anyone Barack Obama Blog - A liberal think tank with close ties to president barack obama says the .. Liberal Senators Boxer And Kerry Unveil Junk Science Bill I think when my next HC Premium comes due I will send it 2 the Liberal collective 2 pay 4 me...Fair is Fair! Right? Does Liberal Theology Profane God? ReligionDispatches I think when my next HC Premium comes due I will send it 2 the Liberal collective 2 pay 4 me...Fair is Fair! Right? Massachusetts Liberal: Flip-flip-flip: Here's some evidence summer really isn't over. Quite a substantial f.. Has the liberal moment come and gone? Does this flaming Liberal Grayson know that it is against the law 4 any hospital 2 refuse help to anyone. Liberal list claims Tory ridings favoured for federal funding - Telegraph-Journal where's liberal outrage over facebook groups wanting to kill gwb? call the secret service! Re: Polanski: Those other countries with more liberal laws also have far less social stress than the US, far less crime. Re: Polanski: Many countries have much more liberal laws re sexual activity of "minors". The US suffers from Bible Belt & Victorians Is being a Liberal Leftist considered an "Unhealthy Practice"? If so, then by all means, charge the higher premium. Liberal women far out number Lib men in their hatred for Sara Palin. Is it jealousy or envy? I think YES! Ohio Payday Lenders Still Able to Charge High Fees Despite Law: A study by a liberal public policy group shows .. Liberal women far out number Lib men in their hatred for Sara Palin. Is it jealousy or envy? I think YES! A Liberal's Hit List: Traitorous Pile of Pig Shit, Limbaugh, in ... Joe not on Morning Joe for surgery?, the liberal agenda run amok on Morning Joe. Finances of California the most liberal state have failed. Is the US Government next? Ann Coulter: More Liberal Lies about Healthcare via CNN/HLN is crazy 2 hire Joy Behar. do they just wnt 2 really make it clear that they're liberal/progressive? I wont be watchin These are you loving peaceful liberal followers of BHO.This is the company he wants to keep.Peaceful? via Ann Coulter More Liberal Lie's about National Health Care. Americans Tilt Toward Saying Media Too Liberal ANN COULTER: More Liberal Lies About National Healthcare! - 20 alan grayson: recent blog posts093009for alan grayson a liberal rebel die quickly was tame092909lynn vince.. Turnbull may resign over ETS: Federal Opposition Leader Malcolm Turnbull has threatened to quit if his Liberal .. A New College in Jerusalem a Liberal Education for ... - Forward Americans Tilt Toward Saying Media Too Liberal US "Liberal" Media Bangs the Drum Loudly - It's WAR! US "Liberal" Media Bangs the Drum Loudly - It's WAR! SW THE CRAP MICAEL MOORE AND HIS LIBERAL BUDDIES OUT ON HEALTHCARE TO OBAMA. IOF OBAKM SUCKS UP TO HIM THE CHIAGO THING IS HISTORY i have never understood why the Jews living in this country are so liberal.... with being the number 1 deal. "MikeP you are a pinko-Liberal-Leftie-guardian reading Ponce. Stop whining about the rights of foreign villains and You found the play to be liberal? I know it was anti-war but I think our society would be better if women spoke their minds more. If there was a Liberal and Labor politician on then maybe i'd watch. They are the only ones who know anything. General Discussion : Religion & Politics : Kill babies, not terrorists...vote liberal Michael Moore: Controversy's Best Friend: Hes a wildly opinionated liberal on a mission to change A..
They're giving you overages?? my phone has been ringing off the hook today. I have 4 days to make 50 minutes last. I suspect overages will be in my future. Movies are $125 plus shipping (which they now require). Joe realized that would ruin us, so any overages OSACS will cover. shoutout to all the folks that didnt know aim counted against ur text msgs had 2pay overages the following month for 200 incoming "lol" msgs You know whats cool? When T-Mo randomly yanks your SMS plan on a 5-line family plan resulting in $700.00 in overages. You know whats cool? When T-Mo randomly yanksyouur SMS plan on a 5-line family plan resulting in $700.00 in overages. You know whats cool? When T-Mo randomly yanksyouur SMS plan on a 5-line family plan resulting in $700.00 in overages. Just finished getting the T-Mobile peeps to fix my account. $60 in overages on unlimited txt? I don't think so... got charged $172 for overages on my UNLIMITED text/data plan w/ Sprint. How does this happen?! I can't wait until Feb 2010...BOO SPRINT! not unlimited but hella minutes and soon as I dropped down phone bill was kicking my ass wot overages.. btw, went overages during BBrother with text 1500 a month just wasn't enough (omg). No more setting twits to phone :) T-Mobile is the best. Went over on my texts by $70. They upgraded me to unlimited texting for an extra $10 a month and erased the overages. You know it's time to ugrade your broadband card's wireless plan when you sign up for 250MB but use 1.7GB. $144 in overages. Ouch. Cogeco Charging For Overages - Though it's still not clear their meters completely work: Back in April,.. Cogeco Charging For Overages - Though it's still not clear their meters completely work BBR Cogeco Charging For Overages - Though it's still not clear their meters completely work Cogeco Charging For Overages - Though it's still not clear their meters completely work: Back in April, Canad.. Cogeco Charging For Overages - Though it's still not clear their meters completely work: Back in April, Canadian .. of Perpetual Logic analyzed my wireless bill and figured out a way to save me roughly $100 a month by avoiding overages! of Perpetual Logic analyzed my wireless bill and figured out a way to save me roughly $100 a month by avoiding overages! I have unlimited. Too many bad stories of "overages" in my lifetime! Lol not when it comes to cell bill $150 in overages..but it was not me it was my husband..i wish he would txt..Oy Ve! Suddenlink Introduces Usage Monitor - Though so far there's no caps or overages... :-) AT&T is really pissing me off. They STILL have not got my phone plans right. I am being charged for overages on an unlimited data plan. Grr! If I didn't get all these tickets last week, I would've switched this month too. T-mobile overages are killing me.. After my 3rd Excessive AT&T bill for text overages, I subscribed to the unlimited texts plan. Feel free to send me as many as you wish. thats cool. i used to run a really famous tube site but it costs me way too much money in bandwidth overages that i quit it Hosting industry failboat: Unmanaged client, $200 a month. $10 profit margins. $4,000 in bandwidth overages: Priceless. AT&T always comes through if you're nice to customer service; ridiculous $280 overages charge comp'd due to vanishing rollover minutes. would love an explanation for the $100s in overages for my mobile broadband that read 0 kb used on the bill. Youre a damn joke. Unlimited texts - no worry about overages. they have waived overages for me so many times . Plus I pay half prices 4 my plan.
Elephant Plains : Two hyaenas walking through. By: SueW Elephant Plains : Two hyaenas walking through. By: SueW ahh shes making "wild kingdom" noises now. Is that the sound that hyaenas make? Umm
- Kate Harding for Salon on Roman Polanski - why u lonely la, foof? U go to salon! What did u do? - Salon editorial on Roman Polanski - I think maybe we should open a salon that specialises in fringes :p Cos I've never had a hairdresser who really "gets it". Rouge is a professionally managed body offering specialized Salon services with products that are organic clinically approved for human use people who cut their nails in public other than in a salon should be shot-no one wants to hear that crap this early thanks for the follow, Mary - good luck with the Salon :) Playing football salon @ Futsal city,.setelah absen hampir setahun.. Let's kick some as# Big parade: Communist China marks its 60th year - The Associated Press Salon 24Big parade: Communist China marks its .. Big parade: Communist China marks its 60th year - The Associated Press Salon 24Big parade: Communist China marks its .. Big parade: Communist China marks its 60th year - The Associated Press Salon 24Big parade: Communist China marks its 60.. Unique As Fitness Coach (Alpharetta and Dunwoody) Marketer for New Oxygen-infused Fitness Product (Atlanta area) Licensed Hair Stylists and Barbers (midtown) Esthetician for new Wellness Studio (Buckhead/Sandy Springs) NAIL TECH Di salon, nge blow untuk batikan bsk. But how I wish I was in mall taman anggrek instead. salon had a good recently. The main point is that he plea guilty to raping a child then fled. He admitted guilt! HAIR STYLISTS/ASISSTANT WANTED (Union Square) NY State Licensed Massage Therapists (Garden City/Long Beach) NY State Licensed Massage Therapists (Garden City/Long Beach) NY State Licensed Massage Therapists (Garden City/Long Beach) NY State Licensed Massage Therapists (Garden City/Long Beach) Licensed Massage Therapist (Union Square) Licensed Massage Therapist (Union Square) Licensed Massage Therapist (Union Square) Reminder: Roman Polanski raped a child - Broadsheet - Stylist Needed (Expanding Salon) (Cobble Hill/Bklyn Heights) Stylist Needed (Expanding Salon) (Cobble Hill/Bklyn Heights) has just guzzled a big bowl of chicken soup from Drip Coffee shop next to the salon :-)) Hair Stylist /Colorist (Lower East Side) Hair Stylist /Colorist (Lower East Side) Ranger Zito: Deer crashes into hair salon. Photo: Rhadames and Mariamma (photographer) at the Hair Rules Salon opening BRB - playing Pet Salon :) Post rehearsal at church. Now watching groom getting groomed. New age salon though. Serve beer. Sushi lunch to come. Salon visits are just the best!!! Download Software Salon Calendar don't you just love a SALON DAY? Salon on Polanski: the only piece you should read. And 45 min convo with stover making me feel bad for not taking my dream salon job I was offered..and told I was better than what I am now.Eh Loved the Soho House Literary Salon last night; who knew listening to author's read out loud could be so much fun! Please come join us 2DAY we open doors of LadyLash Studios & Strand Salon! Heres to new beginnings..-Georgio & Mikaela Mampir ke salon dulu ini tmnnya..kerumah aja ya nantiii. I need talk to you syg lo udh drmh belom? Ceritain ... Mm done w/ assignments.. Hello to gym &salon.. We deserve to be pampered by ourselves once a lil while ritee? To grow your salon you need great salon leads. Get them for less, and get them every day, guaranteed
I aint neva mad yu talk 2 my bm she aint got shit noways that's y she chalked & yu think yu raw cuz u fuckd her haha niggas funny but keeping it 100. I ain't like her ass noways.< EVERYONE including my friends feel the same way damn u BRAVO! but keeping it 100. I ain't like her ass noways. "I don't feel noways tired. I've come too far from where I from. Nobody told me, the road would be easy..." Also what is wrong with food noways. I bought some bananas 2 days ago and I went to eat one and it litterly fell on me. If YouCouldCast Anyone in a Remake,Who would itbe? And Why?>kunte kente (roots)noways kids need to stop violence,need knowledge NOW PLAYING: James Cleveland - I Don't Feel Noways Tired heard by 1 listeners at noways' man, i'm as broke as anyone out there. (x (singing) i don't feel noways tired.. Come too far from where I from- nobody told me the road would be easy. But I don't believe... NO I not hate brazilian noways! LOL N who gives a fuk if mountain dew kills sperm..I'm 21, I don't need no fuckin kids rite now noways.. I couldn't have said it betta people just make anything a god noways huh ? ain't noways tired. I can't reveal it yet!!! U still have time!>>> Lmao...I want something sexy! What we doing on the 31st noways? please dn't tke wht I say serious! I'm just hvng fun on u whores... wait IDGAF tke it 2 <3 cause I dn't fux w/ ya noways! yea! i knew it! LoL shoulda said sumthin noways..i been great. how bout u?
Embezzlers: It's not your money, but it will be your tax. [Roth & Company, P.C.] Embezzlers: It's not your money, but it will be your tax.: Des Moines is agog at the indictment of a local gay .. ACORN books don't lie.Subpoenas issued for both Dale and Wade Rathke/70s Rich Kid Socialist hippy founders/embezzlers of ACORN. Utility Company Embezzlers Sentenced in Utility Company Embezzlers Sentenced in By B. J. Conley-He.. I wonder if republican/conservatives are as embarrassed by ignorant sign toting mobs as we jews are about Jewish embezzlers. Attending another "Future Embezzlers and Douche Bags of America" meeting. Prof keeps calling it college of business orientation.
New occasions teach new duties; Time makes ancient good uncouth; They must upward still and onward who would keep abreast with truth. Uncouth Facebook postings closing doors for job candidates - via Tweeting Your Miscarriage: Is Nothing Sacred? Even as a male I find the situation to be insensitive and uncouth. I don't know if the B&B liquer is uncouth and puerile enough for me. :-) Oh, I know I'M uncouth and puerile. I just didn't think I'd enjoy two boys acting the same way! LOL, nah, not uncouth, just working too hard :-) Oops! I am so uncouth. gets annoyed when people type the entire content of their email message into the subject line, and I'm not sure why. Is it uncouth or a ... *Sighs* And alot of toilet seat uncouth behaviour! x Lmao y did this dude just in my office and try to act like I didn't hear it.....so uncouth!!! - LMAOOO, ya'll are so uncouth. via If you read this you'll laugh. It's uncouth to be sure but funny nonetheless and we all can relate. Yeah, kinda...If a dude was doing that it'd be gross, uncouth, classless, etc....its probably outta line for the ladies too. Cos if I did I'd be no different from her. Uncouth and immature. Delhi is Rude and uncouth.. we stare, jump queues, etc.. read on he stole that from Dr. Angelou, very uncouth how uncouth-we'll have none of that on Friday.'Er Maj will be watching !! oh I remember the awful c64 crowd: uncouth, cynical and considerably more canny hi gil that's rite don't let the uncouth ruin it 4 all I had thought B&B would be too uncouth and puerile for me. Turns out I underestimated the scope of my sense of humor. ;-) Another one unfollowed because of pointless swearing. I'm not a prude but swearing in general tweets is uncouth. Shame, but there you go. So many things get mixed up between my brain and my mouth... I'm sorry in advance if my words offend or sound uncouth... but dont u stay out in country ass ft lol where were u 2day essay? Priceless! Lili is now as uncouth as me! Gt shouted @ by an uncouth lady while on th bus 2day.No i didn't misbehave wth her.She screamed cus acc. 2 her i tuk 2 long 2 get off. It is HIGHLY uncouth to answer your cell phone whilst in a public washroom. while you are in the stall doing your business. Ew Sweat pants should never, ever be worn outside the gym. Uncouth and gross anywhere else. Dear uncouth colleague who sits near me, please stop burping like a dude. It's f&#@(!%n gross. There's a "element" that believe fighting is uncouth. The game should be about skill. They're WRONG. It's about BOTH. sheesh how annoying to have the seat kicked repeatedly,I hate that!:/ OHHHH *that* bunch of peeps can be very uncouth n unrefined:/ Hmm. Would it seem uncouth if I were to INTRODUCE myself? Perhaps I should simply throw a grenade in their direction... In a moment of uncouth repose, I zip down the Jeep window and cry to the heavens, "6it it shawty!" MALES: Have many of u ever asked a chick "Does he do it like I do it?" ..LoL<==Thats so uncouth. I just assume dat he cant for eg. your avatar is free speech - nice pic, but society's views see this as 'uncouth' ie stigmatized. Hard 2 move away from it Our annoying, uncouth neighbors unexpectedly moved out today...Huzzah! (plus, the new neighbors appear to be a young couple) "That's the kind of God you people talk about...a clumsy, bungling, brainless, conceited, uncouth hayseed." p189 at starbucks using internet.is it uncouth to not buy a drink? Im really full... Waiting at the Mark Hopkins for my meeting with Fairmont. Is that uncouth? is it uncouth to have a hanukkah photocard with people wearing santa hats? or is it the hot air coming out of your mouth/arse? :) < uncouth beast ;) Check your trending topics. One of them is extra uncouth and was by him. Wow... that was totally uncouth and uncalled for. Happily blocking you now. Is it uncouth to gloat at a small dog? What an uncivilized hour. Barbaric. Uncouth, even. This would be a fine time to retire, yet--I rise. How uncouth. uncouth, candice! Fuck Buttons is one of my followers, and even though I know its one of those corporate follows, I find it uncouth to talkleaks wah cant tahan! I bkache n brainless gal kip ask me get up. Kip telling e hb where got seat. So uncouth! My human mummy is sick with a cold! Snuggling with her all day. Except Gabby knocked over the garbage--YUCK for used tissues! She's uncouth. "poop" and "dinner" in the same sentence just seems a little uncouth, but I agree that I'd like hang out again sometime soon. I kinda missed Masuka. He's so uncouth and oblivious. The "WTF? Moron." looks he gets all the time make me happy.
I Think Thankful for the drawbridge operator who let a bunch of moms and kids get a birdseye view of Mystic's famous bridge in action! In THE BRONX: ON THE BRUCKNER EXPWY there is stopped traffic on I-278 westbound between WHITE PLAINS RD and HUNTS POINT DRAWBRIDGE/SHERI.. *CLEARED* Construction on I-280 both directions between East of Stickel Drawbridge (Harrison) and In the vicinity of CR 508 (Kearny) various Playing Infamous. I just helped out the city by fixing the drawbridge and my actions have made me more evil, somehow. No respect, I tell ya. caught at this effin drawbridge screwfaced now i c what u mean uggh! how'd the drawbridge go? haha Click here elsewhere In THE BRONX: ON THE BRUCKNER EXPWY there is an accident. right lane blocked on I-278 eastbound at HUNTS POINT DRAWBRIDGE/SHERIDAN XPWY .. Drawbridge... Guess they have to up sometime! Coke = Jumping a motorcycle off of a drawbridge tongue - - Cyclists waiting for drawbridge to come down. Almost thought we wouldn't make it... First time I have ever waited for a drawbridge on the train. Stuck on Lake Shore Drive thanks to the drawbridge. Going to be late... Spent ten summers in Woods Hole, on the beach or in the little, long-gone bookstore on Water Street next to the drawbridge. Drawbridge is up on da Hutch and I'm stuck in fukin traffic.. caught by drawbridge this am... always interesting... then walk...pedometer counted none of the steps... annoyed Tried a regular bridge, wasn't long enough. Maybe a drawbridge will be enough though... Well, yes.... watching a drawbridge IS the most exciting thing ever, though! wink! Looks like it's time to pull up the drawbridge and call it a night kids. Night Rusty and Gerome! It's a Can ... I'm the last car in traffic (drawbridge is up behind me no cars can get thru.) Construction on I-280 both directions between East of Stickel Drawbridge (Harrison) and In the vicinity of CR 508 (Kearny) various lanes clo Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS): Drawbridge is an abandoned town on the of San .. There's always room for stragglers at Castle Sidewalker, as long as they present themselves before the drawbridge is raised for the night! The drawbridge is down and the riders charge across. There's a distant rumble, and the formation turns towards the zombie warehouse. Heehee - stuck at the Mystic drawbridge. Haven't had that happen in awhile! Oh and &$%^# you, Tim I want Bess Eaton back! there was even a Drawbridge involved. Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town near San Jose of via we are pulling up the drawbridge on 1/11....Into Winter DIY mode to earn a few schekels. "Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS)" An abandoned town outside San Jose? Why haven't I been here? Stopped at a drawbridge on my bike ride in to work In THE BRONX: ON THE BRUCKNER EXPWY there is stopped traffic on I-278 westbound between WHITE PLAINS RD and HUNTS POINT DRAWBRIDGE/SHERI.. Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS) *CLEARED* Construction on I-280 both directions between East of Stickel Drawbridge (Harrison) and In the vicinity of CR 508 (Kearny) various Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS): Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS) - Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS): Drawbridge is an abandoned town on the of San .. Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS) Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS) Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS) Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS) Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS) Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS) Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS) Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS) Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS) Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS) Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS) Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS) Drawbridge, CA: The Bay Area's Last Ghost Town (PICS)
Refroze ice cream has a slightly less satisfying taste to it.
dental insurance guide Whee! Go elastics for care. what do you think about Alexander`s Technique? Ayhan don't laugh because I can't have coffee ): I take my advice seriously! What, pray tell, is an hand ? Do you mean, perhaps, ? taking Hayden to the braces are coming off today! ... in Elk River, MN, Princeton, MN - Very Staff - in Elk River, MN, Princeton, MN - Very Staff # # Yyyyyy I'm I still @ the Shit I been here sice 9 wtf New blog post: Associated Dental Phoenix Maricopa : Dentists Sales (B2B) , South West Sales (B2B) , South West Sales (B2B) , South West Sales (B2B) , South West Sales (B2B) , South West Sales (B2B) , South West Sales (B2B) , South West Sales (B2B) , South West Helix Recruitment Sales (B2B): An innovative global technology company with well k.. Heading out to West Palm Beach, Fl to speak at an meeting. Looking forward to dipping my biscuits in the sand and surf. Just put new pics of a recent case. Asian dentist said Asians generally have bigger than average teeth with smaller mouths, hence the outsized need for services. In a sample of 25 children, the mean bond strength of a new bonding technique was 10 MPa (mega-pas Boise Assoc Oooo.. :( I have an device in my mouth, so bad :(; but is just getting used to it. The Happy Tooth Office of Durham would like to take this time to say hello and welcome to all of our twitter followers! On our way to an appt. All three kids have some form of work in their mouths. H=single expander, G=double expanders, M=expander, braces Using Dental Materials That Can Help Restore and Repair Teeth: ... splints, appliances, and dental .. / Front Desk Coordinator and Assistant: Details: / Clinical Technician - Assistan.. appt this afternoon, Milo's surgery tomorrow morning, and the elliptical trainer delivered tomorrow afternoon. Sounds good! ;) Friday requires a trip to the surgeon for my eldest daugther before heading back to Gaborone. can't wait for family bonding time *sadness*, this is not a holiday or long weekend for me, the trip is both work and related. Meetings in JHB, visit to office DESK (EASTCHESTER, NY): GREAT CAREER office see.. Chairside Assistant (Reston/Herndon) New Blog post Gerber Nuk Pacifier Simple Button for Newborn Size 2 2 Pack ... my teeth huhu... just had my monthly treatment. Senior / Lead Clinical Assistant - New York, NY, 10001, USA (#jobs).. Blog Post: Buying Guide
Dynamic Ophthalmic Ultrasonography: A Video Atlas for Ophthalmologists and Im... - by Julian Pancho S. Garcia Jr. et al. Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient care Just arrived in Melbourne for the day. Training ophthalmologists how to use a new eyetracker! John Pinto asks "Will we run out of ophthalmologists?" in his latest blog entry Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient care Come to "American College of Veterinary Ophthalmologists" Thursday, November 5 at 9:00 am until <br />Saturday,... Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient care Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient care John Pinto asks "Will we run out of ophthalmologists?" in his latest blog entry: Ophthalmologists(Eye Diseases specialist) in Alwar, Rajasthan: Ophthalmologists(Eye Diseases specialist) in Alw.. John Pinto asks "Will we run out of ophthalmologists?" in his latest blog entry Ophthalmologists(Eye Diseases specialist) in Aurangabad, Maharashtra: Ophthalmologists(Eye Diseases specialist).. Ophthalmologists(Eye Diseases specialist) in Sivakasi, Tamilnadu- Ophthalmologists(Eye Diseases specialist) in Siva... The CHBA Vision Plan saves money at optometrists, ophthalmologists, opticians and LensCrafters... Federal Government accuses ophthalmologists of running a "dishonest scare campaign" - Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient care John Pinto asks "Will we run out of ophthalmologists?" in his latest blog entry: John Pinto asks "Will we run out of ophthalmologists?" in his latest blog entry: Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient care John Pinto asks "Will we run out of ophthalmologists?" in his latest blog entry: John Pinto asks "Will we run out of ophthalmologists?" in his latest blog entry: Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient care The CHBA Vision Plan saves money at optometrists, ophthalmologists, opticians and LensCrafters... John Pinto asks "Will we run out of ophthalmologists?" in his latest blog entry: Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient care Don't let ophthalmologists blur the Glaucoma, EMR, gadgets, HealthIT - Optom/EyeMD - Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient... Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient care Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient care Catching Cataracts Early: Ophthalmologists Detect Cataracts Before They Form With New Device->> Ophthalmologists(Eye Diseases specialist) in Hazaribag, Bihar: Ophthalmologists(Eye Diseases specialist) in Haz.. The CHBA Vision Plan saves money at optometrists, ophthalmologists, opticians and LensCrafters... Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient care Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient care Glaucoma, EMR, gadgets, HealthIT - Optom/EyeMD - Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient... Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient care Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient care Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient care Building trust between Optometrists & Ophthalmologists for patient care Tapan -Skull feeder, his two sons were now successful ophthalmologists in New Jersey. - Exhibiting at Table Rock Regional Roundup. Ophthalmologists from KS, OK, MO, & AR. The CHBA Vision Plan saves money at optometrists, ophthalmologists, opticians and LensCrafters... - Booth to promote and to ophthalmologists all set up. Now to go change and get rea ...
New in the shop: Allemande Earrings--white with specks of gold pyrite, totally classic and chic. Fool's Gold Necklace is NEW with AAA Grade Pyrite: My teacher showed us pyrite today. I thought it was fake! So watching S&WII tonight. GDB TUESDAY ENCHANTMENTS~Divine Power! GDB PLANET-Mars *GDB COLOR-RED *GDB GEMSTONE-Pyrite *GDB ESSENCE-Patchouli via Good Morning Tweetville. Check out my latest obsession..Fool's gold. Pyrite for fall! Surprise, America's Golden Age is made of nothing more than iron pyrite! Stupid jerk traveling salesman. Today's best run song: ''Pyrite Pedestal'' by Pretty Girls Make Graves Pretty mean calling pyrite Fool's Gold. Pretty damn mean. Way to kick a prospector when he's down. Today's crystal is pyrite - male power. its time to manifest creations that u have conceived by taking action & expressing your inner truth why bruh? he looks like a man who was promised gold but got a fistful of pyrite now he is trying everything to get anything Man, I miss Hesperia and all my peps...Whats up Pyrite Boyz!!! & the Omika Soccer team. Crazy Legs whats good. Watching anime. Here's an analogy: If Macross was a diamond covered in shit, Macross Frontier is a piece of shit coated in pyrite foil. Picture this..10 years old set up a little stand on a highway trying to sell iron pyrite (fools gold) in white Thinking about that crunch time ahhhh. I still need this pyrite ring!! cruch time ahhhh. I still need this pyrite ring!! Just sprinted up hill coverd n butter wearin skates w/ 3 brokn wheels & a parachute while pulling Manny in sled filled w/ pyrite
OOps forgot to put my pedometer on! Oh well, I didn't go anywhere anyway :( Good for you though! :)
Liked "Reconstitution of heterochromatin-dependent transcriptional gene silencing." DA wants anti-drug unit: The DA wants Parliament's police committee to debate the reconstitution of specialised.. See Reconstitution 2008 as an example of remix culture in Another crazy POS running for office:
Morgenavond 2 okt. Finale Kei van I'm a Fact, Tideland, Tribal Spirits, GUHM en The Charlie Wox Tideland es chingonsisima Just watched Terry Gilliam's Tideland. Fucking weird movie, even weirder than his usual fare. Juno DVD Tideland DVD Jeff Bridges Carlito's Way DVD Al Pacino Juno DVD Tideland DVD Jeff Bridges Carlito's Way DVD Al Pacino If you're not talking about 'Tideland', then we've probably just had the most surreal conversation on Twitter...! Check out NC Seafood Festival section in today's Tideland News! Is Tideland an appropriate choice for an informal gathering? lol tideland oh yeah. porn right? if u haven't seen it u should watch Tideland!!! Utterly unsurprised Terry Gilliam signed the "let child-rapist Polanski go" petition. Because I once watched Tideland. Man has issues. hey i found a movie on my hard drive the other day called Tideland. i think i got it from you ... wtf tideland.. Its a movie I got on netflix. Look it up! Tideland is preeeeeetty fucked up. Human taxidermy. movie is called Tideland Vannatter (Nogales) posted an aerial photo: aerial, watt, sea, tideland, inflight) - I watched Terry Gilliam's Tideland. It was quite excellent. When you become REAL BIG N FAMOUS don't forget about us that have been with u since your Tideland Days please <33:) 'Tideland' 2005 Terry Giliam - bizarre, colorful, shocking for newbs - but surprisingly not enough. Ending was 2 pleasant 4 me. Reading "Tideland" Tehe well Tideland is this really fucked up movie about this chick who talks to doll heads and it resembles >> Tideland, I had hot chips for lunch and The Past Should Stay Dead - Emarosa :) Just watched Tideland because I saw T. Guilliam at D*C. Strange film. Hard to have an 8 yr old carry the whole plot. Skip It Sigue, Tideland de Terry Gilliam. Sorry! Tideland is hard to describe. Young girl moves to country with smackhead Dad (who then dies) and retreats into fantasy So, I saw "Tideland" last night. Slightly scared, but I think it might have been beautiful. And nauseating. I favorited a YouTube video -- Jodelle ferland - tideland interview So Tideland is probably the best quality film I've seen in a year, aside from Star Trek. That's depressing. Roll on Gilliam's next film. A taxidermied Jeff Bridges is possibly the last thing I ever wanted to see in my life. Watching Tideland. Expecting to be blown away. Especially because the little girl is the same little girl from Kingdom Hospital. Watching Tideland. Expecting to be blown away. Right off to bed to watch Tideland :D I hope it's as freaky as it looks! :) Looking forward to the new Gilliam fillum but I'll tell you one thing for nothing: his previous (Tideland) was one seriously odd movie. Cybergoddessgeddes update to j-f.net a miracle!Youre in 7 places at 1 time!Case39 bothers my Haters same as Tideland did=de Sade Gilliam, 2005 - Tideland Gilliam, 2005 - Tideland Janet McTeer as Dell / Tideland by Terry Gilliam (2005)/ Clip 6 Omg tideland is sick!!! They skind her dead father an she has no prob with it and the stuffed the skin like a scarecrow omg omg omg omg!!!;) I just woke up an im watching tideland 2 hours of sleep never felt so good;) And on the subject of Jodelle why do I have to deal with idiots who don't realise Tideland is Alice In Wonderland!? After the wondrous Tideland, this fest of character metamorphosis is going to up the Magical Real ante? Gilliamscapes? Yay! - ahhh . . . I don't . . . creepy, reminds me of the movie Tideland or Sin City . . .you asked you know my love for your screen,but it also looks like the Japanese "Rose In Tideland" movie poster,cool 4 u! the answer to your film question is Tideland, haha. My phone won't let me comment the blog.
celebrating 'Grandly' its Is Corporate changing to Communism?? Meanwhile the bioengineers are creating lego like building blocks of life. Talking grandly about freeing us from the tyrany of evolution. Love the irony of Jonathan Freedland (journo Guardian) talking grandly of the arrogance of the media elite as "hyenas".Running dogs, surely? Click here fracas My father grandly, triumphantly informed me that he was going to refill my power steering fluid Sleep softly, wake slowly, dream grandly, and fear corageously. Goodnight. Painted in London in 1641,the oil on canvas depicts the Flemish grandly attired... Painted in London in 1641, the oil on canvas depicts the Flemish grandly attired in a black and white si.. Daily haiku: Drunk book club confers/Gestures grandly, invokes Wells/And Paris Hilton - Daily haiku: Drunk book club confers/Gestures grandly, invokes Wells/And Paris Hilton My fall schedule kicks off grandly tonight. Speaking @ MI's Grand Traverse Area banquet. Check if I'll be by you soon "There is _infinite_ within you." Courage is needed to do something new. Let's grandly hike to an unknown wilderness. *bows grandly* I am at your service, my lady. Downloaded "Shaolin Dolemite" - I am highly delighted to watch something so grandly bad. - works grandly and no invite code needed Weekend TOI reinvents itself as grandly named Crest Edition. Plagiarising Mint Lounge methinks. Doth the old lady of Boribunder stoop so lo? i swear to god i heard a public official praise Paul McKee's plan and conclude grandly, "I look forward to its attrition." I love reading people who expostulate grandly and can't bear to hear anyone's voice but their own. Obviously, they don't lack a large ego. it goes grandly thank you my good man. A sausage sandwich is setting to work nicely on my innards as we tweet The Theater News Music Review | 'Kristina': Swedes Coming to America, Grandly (sourc.. Follow Me NYC: Music Review | 'Kristina': Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina': Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina': Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly: New York Times By STEPHEN HOLDEN If the mo.. Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly: New York Times By STEPHEN HOLDEN If the mo.. Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly: New York Times By STEPHEN HOLDEN If the mo.. Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly: N.. Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly: New York Times By STEPHEN HOLDEN If the mo.. Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly: New York Times By STEPHEN HOLDEN If the mo.. Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly: New York Times By STEPHEN HOLDEN If the mo.. Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly: New York Times By STEPHEN HOLDEN If the mo.. Music - Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly: New York Times By STEPHEN HOLDEN If the mo.. Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly: New York Times By STEPHEN HOLDEN If the mo.. Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly: New York Times By STEPHEN HOLDEN If the moribun.. Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly Music Review | 'Kristina' Swedes Coming to America, Grandly - New York Times: New York TimesMusic Review | &#39..
I'm in the CHATTIEST mood! Maybe it's the wine... And the award for the chattiest tweeter goes to you ;) Seated next to the chattiest person in the entire Phoenix Sky Harbor Even my giant headphones don't hinder him. At the superstore in the line of the slowest, chattiest cashier. Sorry dear its not your social time. omg chattiest waitress ever...stood by our table for maybe 5min talking about weight and health and surgery...nice tho. -Va I bet he's the chattiest drunk ever. Probably an obnoxious namedropper who touches your arm too much when he looks at you.
yup there's something about debits and credits that does it for me, I'm not a nerd or anything haha debits and credits! TD Bank is NOT posting deposits, but they ARE allowing checks and debits to go through, allowing accounts to go negative in 55 minutes... i have to make sure the direct debits come out on the 1st! Goody, goody, have just relised it's payday today! I'm rich! (Until midnight when all the direct debits kick-in). Credits and debits and rebills oh my! :P Profiling Utility Direct Debits | Business Electricity Prices ... Trying to out problems with my bank - why do they cancel direct debits and fail to tell the customer?! Transferring bills and direct debits to housemates. ESB was pretty solid, kudos. I need the bank to cover my Direct debits until they put the money back! I wonder if they will lol Profiling Utility Direct Debits Whoop whoop payday, rich (relatively) for 3 hours before bills paid, direct debits etc. Holy shiitke! U2 is the best.! Even in crappy internet feed. And oh yeah, I remembered why I didn't become an accountant.. Debits & Credits well debits on the left credits on the right.. Now get to it.. ***Takes your Cool Kids Club card and debits 10 points out of it*** Direct debits can prove costly Dear accounting: stop over complicating yourself with debits and credits. Direct debits can prove costly like everything. i forgot everything bout debits and credits! then we're doin trial balances, general ledgers, general journal Debits increase: expenses, assets, & dividends. Credits increase: unearned revenues, revenues, liabilities, & stockholders equity. The charity workers that collect direct debits in abaundance on our streets require shameful avoidance tactics! Getting reimbursed unauthorized debits. Sat on hold, on my cell, for more than half an hour listening to annoying elevator music. Getting reimbursed unauthorized debits. Sat on hold for more than half an hour on my cell listening to annoying elevator music. Note to self: A debits and credits approach to sleep is not ultimately sustainable. You can run a that gives you all the fees, debits etc in your paypal account. Have you tried that ? Changed four direct debits by phone & cancelled one, all in half an hour. Impressive! Extremely fed up with people who take advantage of us, on top of discovering several unauthorized debits from our bank account this morning! you can do that? (direct debits to standing orders) Changing Direct Debits to standing orders, ordering a new card and giving nobody CA. No one else should have control over my bank account. Something is wrong. The debits and credits on my accounting homework balance. That means I did the problem right! lol cant get debits to = credits. this is literally day 1 of classes. pretty sure I should just jump off hawthorne bridge Lousy debits and credits! Yo for n e one hatin on Vick chalk it up ya boi did his time paid his debits got a big point Just finished reconciling the debits and the credits...that refund check has made it all better lol you can balance my t accounts for me and I can help you get your credits equaling your debits. And lol @ music monday!! Make a cash deposit at Compass and they will deduct all your atm and debits that come in 24 hours after that deposit before it! I ain't got no student loan, bursary or grant yet. Gym & Phone Bill are the only direct debits, so I'm gonna watch my spending I totally agree with that. They hold merchant debits/charges for almost a week at times. causing major overdrafts Credits Debits loan Referral marketing of insurance Business discovering i'm unwittingly making duplicate direct debits for my mobile -humph. Credits Debits loan: Referral marketing of insurance Busines marketing news: Credits Debits loan: Referral marketing of insurance Busines: According to sources, i.. Credits Debits loan: Referral marketing of insurance Busines: family vacation How to trim more fat from the family budget: Automatic debits may include gym fe.. ...is back at it... balancing debits & credits. In this economy, PTL they DO balance! Lots of calls about Setanta - any problems with Direct Debits? Someone should make a rap song about Accounting. Debits and credits already rhyme - IT PRACTICALLY WRITES ITSELF, PEOPLE. Note to self: A debits and credits approach to sleep is not ultimately sustainable. Note to self: A debits and credits approach to sleep is not ultimately sustainable.
Corrected absentee ballots going to Buena Vista voters: MAYS LANDING - About 70 residents of Buena Vista Townsh.. Corrected absentee ballots going to Buena Vista voters: MAYS LANDING - About 70 residents of Buena Vista Townsh.. Team news: Rovers v Bohs: Ian Bermingham (ankle) is the sole absentee as Shamrock Rovers are otherwise at full .. hehehehe you remember him na? are you sure closed na registration for absentee voting? We are looking to acquire small to medium size absentee owned businesses. hey you. I've been a relative Twitter absentee getting the Interns off the ground. How are you?! In-Person Absentee voting going on NOW! M-F, 8 a.m. - 4 p.m. at the BOE Office. I been doing my tweeps so wrong i apologize for absentee but twitter has been such a bore lately lol Winnipeg: Manitoba provides school absentee Time to research ro a doc about drug abuse and absentee parents... DM me ur thoughts and stories...PLzz damn it I feel like an absentee parent I miss all your achievements..what did I miss this time? I've already voted no on 1 on my absentee ballot, and I'm doing my best to get the true word out. If you are an absentee business owner & have decided to sell or you are interested in bringing in a strategic In-Person Absentee voting going on NOW! M-F 8 a.m. - 4 p.m. at the BOE Office In-Person Absentee voting going on NOW! M-F, 8 a.m. - 4 p.m. at the BOE Office. Hmm, I wonder if you can send in an absentee ballot. LOL We are looking to acquire small to medium size absentee owned businesses. ACORN voter fraud (forged absentee ballots) the rumour is that the rent was $30K - a MONTH. The absentee, greedy landlords of the buildings in the village are pathetic PSA: Tell your friends in the military how to vote by absentee Absentee ballot fraud in Troy, NY - cbpbtv: From CBPBtv: Manitoba provides school absentee Guardians of school-aged children in Manitoba will have Most of you have probably seen it, but if not, check out the Recycle video with the band Absentee! Holy cow (or pig)!!! One Jeffco school has 30% absentee rate, mostly "flu-like" symptoms.. Had "flu-like" symptoms myself 2weeks ago. Eeks From CBPBtv: Manitoba provides school absentee Guardians of school-aged children in Manitoba will have access t Help deployed military personnel from VA & NJ get their absentee ballots for Nov! Was your father passive, performance oriented, absentee, authoritarian, or extra abusive? 4give him Manitoba provides school absentee Guardians of school-aged children in Manitoba will have access to da.. Absentee voting is underway. Find out whether you're eligible to vote absentee for the Nov. 3 election at Manitoba provides school absentee We need a new election without absentee ballots except for military and must have pic ID with matching address to registration acorn= register get a hit of crack send in absentee ballot get a 20$ rock all with OUR TAX $$ Most of you have probably seen it, but if not, check out the Recycle video with the band Absentee! Most of you have probably seen it, but if not, check out the Recycle video with the band Absentee! :) Franklin County voters, have you requested your absentee ballot yet? You can do so here online: Vote absentee for me Dan Langshaw for Royalton School Board. Pass the word via text to ur friends. Absentee voting is cunderway. Find out whether you're eligible to vote absentee for the Nov. 3 election at Helping with 2 political campaigns in this world of absentee voting and relationship marketing. INTERESTING changes! People complain about absentee fathers, but the far bigger problem is the terrible mothers that end up raising these kids. Getting ready for a BIG push on my campaign for COC Board of Trustees. Look for info and PLEASE remember to vote absentee or on Nov 3rd.
what the heck is wrong with ? it just suddenly logged me out and now , retries are simply not doing anything I think it's a bug. I mailed them about it some time ago, suggested a couple of auto retries before echoing an error. Let me ask you this - should it take 5 or so retries to load your Twitter timeline? Should a small web page take 3 mins to load? :-( yep twidgit lite and is not good. why does Facebook keep signing me out in people and takes me 20 retries to log back in Something's not quite right with Tweete and this HTC Dream with android. The textbox input often scrambles requiring retries. "If it doesn't work try something else, you get unlimited retries, lol." -3rd level facing east the developers need to look at their code handling the connections and retries. I shutdown the app ... the process hangs. dit a lot of retries (really) and now it seems the database got finally updated. Thanks for sharing! network or Twitter not responding. The app quietly retries once then shows that. Try refresh /R:n :: number of Retries on failed copies: default 1 million. 0.9.8 has the -hold change I promised you. Basically, for compat, -hold=1 still is "infinite" but > 1 limits retries to that how many retries?!?! Will lacks concentration w/soccer gets repriminded by me &Miss retries &does great. coach likes him. Kellee says he 2 young. mad @ me the bsnl gprs first spits forbidden for any website but then opens them after retries Twitter dropping the connection. SimplyTweet auto retries, but doesn't do that too many times. .......whoa. I did super awesomely against Ultimecia. Best I've done against an endboss. XD Still full HP, no retries against her... damn. It eventually worked for me, after several HOURS of retries. Retries feature added to the sms box. Now you don't loose messages/call if connection is down. It will retry later automaticly
Gotta love studying for ochem... I still have no idea WTF hybrid orbitals are supposed to look like when they bond :( Ah. I see the problem now. Apparently, Senor Supercomputer decided once wasn't enough & decided to plot my orbitals again. All 50 of them. And now, time will stand still while the supercomputer plots my orbitals. Don't wanna hear anything about orbitals or electrons for a while. online homework and orbitals can go to hell. Tribbey QOTD "*in singsong*we're the orbitals of your neighbourhood,of you neigh.bor.hood."&"p comes in three!hey that rhymes!" I thought that too!! The fact that she was talking about Highest Open Molecular Orbitals (HOMOs) was even better. Danke Mein Christine, I vill be kareful, but I musst get der from der m25 h'orbitals. And I solved a Hamiltonian for the Hydrogen atom's degenerate n=2 orbitals by hand! Stark Effect FTW! Newx Update Reddit, I need nerd help! I'm trying to visualize atomic orbitals. Can anyone help? Reddit, I need nerd help! I'm trying to visualize atomic orbitals. Can anyone help?: submitted by cyberdog900 [.. If you look at a closeup of the cover of this journal, it's not flowers, it's f orbitals Actinide chemistry. The response to our Ep Free Orbitals. Has been overwhelmingly postive. We thank you. Who Dey - Who gave d theory dat wen electrons r distributed in der orbitals dey get arranged in identical spins first? - ... WOAH! You can actually see s and p orbitals! Someone needs to tell all of my carbon 2p orbitals to get in line and matching. They want split into 2 and 4 instead of all 6! New version of Orbitals game by CJT download new EP 'Free Orbitals' for free here these guys are cosmic dope! New version of Orbitals game by CJT New version of Orbitals game by CJT Wow...Hydrogen's bonding molecular orbitals sure look like a cross-eyed pig... The dxy, dyz and dzx orbitals are the lower energy orbitals, and are known as t2g, while dx2-y2 and dz2 are of higher energy, known as eg This occurs when anions or ligands approach the metal ion, resulting in loss of degeneracy of the orbitals Crystal field splitting in transition metal elements involves splitting of d orbitals into two sets. I had the same thought!! Modern studies shall be spent learning about orbitals and such! of ions like Rb as 4s2,3d10,4p6, i.e., the last occupied shell. Note that the nth valence shell includes the (n-1) d orbitals.) Write the valence shell electron configuration of Ge,4 in its ground state. Enter the configuration in the order in which the orbitals are Why do electron orbitals have to be so confusing? Ugh 30 pages of chemistry for a ten question quiz. Quantum mechanical Orbitals, ionization, and my brain is bleeding. "P.P.P.S. When four atoms bond to a carbon atom, one S orbital and 3 P orbitals hybridize to form 4 SP^3 orbitals,... today i will continue with my physics book related to atomic studies of orbitals... Boys' Night Out! Testing orbitals out in the R&D Center with Tim. ~derek Boys' Night Out! Testing orbitals in the R&D Center with Tim. ~derek They just whipped out Orbitals rig... We all just got PWWWNNNNNNNNEEEEDDDDD! Thursday $10 off all ear piercings if you mention twitter! That's $20 for lobes and piercings! $30 orbitals and industrials! Really wishing that I had taken the time to actually learn chemistry when I took it as an undergraduate...atomic orbitals are the suck... Feels like i am drawing dicks when i draw p orbitals. HAHAHA.
i know. And they off so promisingly too He so promisingly. me and my girl are about to peep it out too it looks promisingly depressing lol. watching finding amanda....promisingly boring... Ooh, Plum sounds promisingly tasty! Friday morning, finally here, with a promisingly quiet weekend in the offing to boot, all is well with the world. Thursday nights are looking to be exciting for scifi! FlashForward is promisingly intriguing and Fringe up next! wheee is thinking that Metric's "Help I'm Alive" reflects today well... out promisingly then loops into annoying repetitive bullshit.
oh, i no very toughs. i asks moms to buy me nice coat! i has boots! GHS volleyball toughs out victory over Santa Fe - Gainesville Sun: At least it's not 1970s Era New York. Then youd be fighting off transvestite street toughs and gangs of coked out disco queens. Which is EXACTLY why I'm organizing a group of street toughs to rough him up a bit. You in? Patriots cornerback injures groin fleeing from street toughs & hiding in a Cumberland Farms for safety. They make chicKEN tenders. Do they make chicKEN toughs? Try to maintain order during a legalized gang brawl involving 80 toughs with a little whistle, a hanky and a ton of prayer. ~Anonymous ref *hears the toughs of * *stands up and clears troat* is everything ok?? Moss toughs out big day: FOXBOROUGH, Mass. -- Battling through a sore back, receiver Randy Moss displayed tough.. Two young women confront threatening street toughs the best way they know how: by doing gymnastics. *sighs*..try to focus for a while...hear your toughs and just them...close your eyes and try to do that...idk.. i dont care if i'm a sophmore. i know toughs is deff. the college for me. learned last night: when you naked, things happen. Also big thanks to the street toughs for brawling outside the bar. Made the day. when the going gets toughs that's when the tough gets going...... & are just like the rest of those iPhone-toting street toughs, only strengthening my resolve to be a relative Luddite. man I hate toughs moments where you just feel unattractive, they don't feel good ... Good lord, there's a gang of prepbuscent luchador street toughs in here singing the hokey-pokey (I swear I'm not making this up) Garcia Toughs One Out In Historic Win: Stephen Garcia was after taking a shot to the ribs by a Ole Miss.. i was really hoping your toughs about "Don't be evil", but you really disappointed me.. you've lost an follower.
has two choices: denude Anne Henderson of her jewelry or just take her microphone? I vote for the latter. has two choices: denude Anne Henderson of her jewelry or just take her microphone? I vote for the latter. excluded,denude,shocked to core it is the only way to change. we denude the trees
So, I'm about to withdraw from the UNIv. my classmates abroad sent money to my paypal to help out here. now paypal flagged my account as a charity org & wont let me withdraw. :( Venezuelan gov. of U.S. critic Hugo Chavez on wed ordered Coca-Cola Co to withdraw coke zero from the south US, citing dangers to health.. LABOUR: Troops 'losers' if UK withdraw, says U.S. plans to withdraw 4,000 troops from Iraq Bankrun in THe Netherlands: clients of the DSB-bank withdraw their money massively Mag-iingat po kyong lhat s pag-uwi! Siguraduhing naka charge ang telepono&may baterya ang flashlight! Mag withdraw din ng cash. Mag-iingat po kayong lahat sa pag-uwi! Siguraduhing naka charge ang mga telepono at may baterya ang flashlight! Mag withdraw din ng cash. CBI to withdraw cases against Quattrocchhi on Saturday A faster French retreat than the one in 1940; "French Withdraw Call for Polanski Release." withdraw PF in India CBI to drop cases against Quattrocchi on Saturday: The CBI will withdraw cases pending before a Delhi aga.. Venezuelan gov. of U.S. critic Hugo Chavez on wed ordered Coca-Cola Co to withdraw coke zero from the south US, citing dangers to health.. Close down Bank of America. They gave billions in bonuses using our bailout/tax dollars. Withdraw your funds - choose an honest bank. d0ngchj Come here, refer friends and earn $, minimum withdraw to Paypal at 1 $. Link: Thank you for joining! Poor old Baltacha - form of her life and then she gets food poisoning and is forced to withdraw from the tournament. Still, positive sign. Go away. i already reject n withdraw, still come and haunt me wif ur stupid 3rd Rd.I'll be a happy boy in SG next sem.Thank you very much. News: Minister defends decision to withdraw kidney cancer drugs What a lovely day. Just popping out to withdraw some money from bank for tonight. I can't wait! Crime text Why women withdraw rape cases - New Era: Why women withdraw rape casesNew EraWorld studies.. They say it might be wise to withdraw cash now before the new storm hits.. I hope it wont be as bad. :( Schmap..? What value is that to me? None, so I *withdraw* my pic! This guy says it best: nah all my paypal funds are sitting as USD, and cos the nz dollar keeps going up, if i withdraw it and i loose $$ :( just got back frm the atm to withdraw some money n have the rent paid. :/ how come i dont even have a ... Awaiting my turn while standing in a Q to withdraw money..doin dis after ages. Note-lose anything but not ur wallet! i dont know how to withdraw money from my bank account :/ I'm speechless & I really just wanna withdraw & not be bothered by anybody, but then they win, ya know, can't let'em win, uh uh I hereby withdraw myself from this discussion so as not to begin disliking you all. My mom told me to go out and withdraw some money in case of emergency. Casino Cash Cow - Withdraw Casino Bonuses For Life Changing Money.: Read The Sales Page... Enough Said. Government is pushing out U.S. currency in Afghanistan by limiting the amount of money soldiers and civilians can withdraw to $50 a month. Also, Dale is now in limboland; he won't back his 'stalker' claim, but won't withdraw it ( he knows it's being used against me) sigh. silly NZ dollar. keeps going up and up. i wanna withdraw monies from my paypal without losing money! CBI to formally withdraw Bofors case! - The CBI will formally move an application before the Magistrates C... if you withdraw more than 5 times, yes Latest News: Osun PDP Aspirants Withdraw From Buying Nomination Forms lawyer files to withdraw as attorney for Army captain Banking news: BankAtlantic Withdraws TARP Applications Following Stock Offering: Another bank has decided to withdraw i Well done to shopkeepers and residents who forced Tesco to withdraw identikt planning app. <- but if they feel so strongly about this that they withdraw from ELCA.. what then? I still say mom could lose her job over me. she disagrees CBI will move an application in a Delhi on Oct 3 to withdraw cases against Ottavio Quattrocchi in the Bofors deal, says Moily. Yeah, I used to withdraw money only after 7 pm. Haha uh uh damn u got me hell naw everything but that I can't go that long that's a whole hour shit can u say withdraw! Lol
just watched a girl totally hardcore flip out (bawling et screaming) cuz she missed the 7:55. Ouch. Next train at 8:07. Yeahitsucks, but WOW Ouch, that sounds terrible, I hope it gets better soon. Ouch... No blank pages in your could mean you'll miss your flight! I-95.......OUCH, why not train or fly? Ouch. brighton < police car crushed in crash on Brighton seafront! Ouch ! Bit my tongue :( You're welcome. Ouch! That's bad. We're so lucky here.. Did you watch the news? All about the ouch lol...grind it out bro ee but I just watched some videos of it being done on youtube..and ouch! ouch , stomach cramps. ouch but probaly fair comment. Lots of rip offs there but agree plenty of pearls amongst the awine! ouch! good job! My foot why did i drop a cutting board on my foot...ouch!! Ouch I'm in pain.. I was asked what is the next big thing in technology at dinner the other day. I said I dunno at first. Then said healthcare. Ouch!!! stitches and cut on my face now to feel a lot of ouch! - damn that must have Shame man. :( Damn. I've just burned myself with my hair straighteners. Fucking ouch. yeah ouch.. ouch! Chalo koi gall nahi, thodi der mein ban jayega! Ouch, Labour members murdering M People's 'Moving On Up'. Cringe... ouch ... oh so sore today Ouch, throat stitches and cut on my face now to feel a lot of ouch! body is attempting to sweat out the 6 shots i necked last night. such a wooly head! got a three hour teaching&learning lecture soon. ouch. Lost my piercing in the chippy last night (haha) and now I have to repierce my lip, and it like a fucking motherbitch! ='[ ouch! 2 hour outside cardio...used a different set of muscles (ouch & wow) = 1033 calories 26% fat!!! Oh my !! the excitment levels are rising from Friday afternoon Reception will be cut in half! (ouch).. only a... ouch that wasnt a good thing to share Summer left Michigan and slammed the door on the way out.......ouch! ouch! ....OUCH!!!!JUST FELL DOWN 1 FLIGHT OF STAIRS IN MY HOUSE. NOW GOT CUT ON MY ASS ****!!!ARGH.... ITS FEELS SO PAINFUL EVEN WHEN I SIT DOWN. Wow this milk is cold... Brain freeze OUCH! wat Kristin Cavalari said about dating turned him down coz she doesnt wana be another notch on his belt.ouch ouch ouch ouch ouch. maybe just a good mascara next time? OUCH! OMG! I cut myself without know , ouch dance shop then town then rehersals then work.............ouch OUCH! there's an ulcer forming on my tongue! PAINFUL! :( Traffic ticket in the amount of $109.50 for running a red light. Ouch! STIFF NECK! OUCH :( Ouch, I am broken! Well, my upper back is anyway... Sluggin' it out in traffic on I-85South like Holyfield and Tyson (ouch, my ear!) throat culture. ouch. can't wait to get my haircut today! And I gotta get more bandaids for the bike wreck victim.... OUCH!! Ouch, I really hope it's just a rumour for my clients and their other clients sake. haha i guess it is lucky. ouch, doesn't that stretching your ears? that sucks that it's not working :( xo RELOAD??? ouch now THAT's a conversation dead-ener if i ever saw one hahahaha
droves of people are waking up and asking the Question "What authentically fulfills ME in MY Life?" states droves of people are waking up and asking the Question "What authentically fulfills ME in MY Life?" states droves of people are waking up and asking the Question "What authentically fulfills ME in MY Life?" states I feel a strong pull from God calling young ministers to a higher level of APOSTOLIC ministry & dedication! Will you respond authentically? losing my mind. authentically, what to do what to do? feeling like i dont know what i want any more. SUCKS! Why do theology? How can we authentically worship without doing it? Are you living authentically? Try answering the hard questions. you guys have Boursin? I thought it was authentically French!! ;) Thought: Fefe Dobson: the original Rihanna. Did it authentically and did it first. So why hasn't her star shined as bright as Ri-Ri's? Can a mixed-race woman be authentically Chinese? "Idol" show sparks debate Who else but ghostface could make a pop-ish album still sound so authentically hip-hop? His new joint goes HARD!! good post! It left me pondering, whether someone really crappy should try to be nice or authentically crappy? Luckily I'll ABM!:) so authentically Scottish! Where's your sporran? X is your reaching out to authentically connect with others strategic? how do you view selective relationship building? Oh snap! He got me. Very authentically awful. I wonder if he can actually act? does this mean that it's cool for me to wear old workboots to the office? I promise they were authentically marked. On to PC Brisbane and tonights Club event. Do we clean the bugs off or leavethem authentically splattered ??
Found on a pack of cheap smoked salmon trimmings: "ALLERGY ADVICE, contains fish." I suppose it might just be possible. Roast Pork for lunch at work with all the trimmings... hmmmmm I am about to have a massive hot choc with all the trimmings... Fun Fact: Early teddy bears were often stuffed with Theodore Roosevelt's mustache trimmings. ... Rebuilt K20 w/ all the trimmings $6KTurbocharger w/ 21pounds boost $4KNeglecting 2 tell the guy yr racing that yr not stock... Priceless:) Mexican tonight --with all the trimmings, making the refried beans now. I'll end up getting 16 meal units out of one $8 beef roast. Cool. just my sons xo olpc from sugar to xfce with all the trimmings. now to his linux education. Welcome grasshopper I was going to take a nap before I did some writing. Instead , I shaved my beard into a mustache and now there are trimmings in my whiskey. I just my sons xo olpc from sugar to xfce with all the trimmings. now to his linux education. Welcome grasshopper . when I have trimmings I use those...I normally just use 25g of trimmings, stems, seeds, etc... ...what trash can should dead squirrel go into??? Not recycling. I'm thinking the green lawn trimmings...no?!?! oooh I love making chilli and nacho's and all the trimmings.... *tummy rumbles* alright give me a minute to copy it to the board with all the trimmings. Vegetarianism isn't expensive. Last time I made BBQ ribs w/ trimmings it cost me $30 for 4 people. I can make 5-7 veggie dinners for that. retweet diet blog talk: Farmed fish may be raised on questionable diets, like trimmings from poultry plants. That is gross I'm eating wild. Take home a Whole Roast Muskoka Turkey with apple-apricot stuffing and all the trimmings! Pre-order by Oct. 7 @ 905-470-8500 x 2067 i am cooking a roast dinner of pork with all the trimmings, watchin some tv an havin a smoke, if u fancy dropping by your welcome!! Did u know? Farmed fish may be raised on questionable diets, like trimmings from poultry plants. Fish caught in the wild are usually purer. allen) we ve just had roast chicken and trimmings for tea It seems wrong somehow that sliced turkey on a salad could make me as tired as Thanksgiving w/all the trimmings. we ve just had roast chicken and trimmings for tea Todays special is a Taco Salad with ground beef and all the trimmings, $12.00 I know soil and land clearing debris are excluded from MRc2 but what about tree trimmings? Turkey and all the trimmings for lunch means my head will hit the desk in approx. 30 minutes. How perfect! (For non-vegans, that is...) Turkey to Go - all the trimmings, none of the fuss. Turkey to Go - all the trimmings, none of the fuss. Oatmeal from Zucker's w/ all the trimmings. Don't usually say this about oatmeal, but I'll def be coming back for more! So tempting, l'll take 14 to Turkey to Go - all the trimmings, none of the fuss. I love this offering...several Fairmonts do this. Turkey to Go - all the trimmings, none of the fuss. Turkey to Go - all the trimmings, none of the fuss. *sigh* anything I can get. I shouldn't be so picky. I would love to have a GFDO multi-console with all the trimmings, though. Black PVC prada boots with red trimmings.Accesories:black watch silver face and maybe whte gold beads!oooooweeeee! Right!...outfit for this evenings MOBOS-black blazer with black satin lapels/black satin with Red trimmings/Blk TR jeans and... if your going past later do you want me to cook roast shoulder of lamb and all the trimmings :D Steampunk: leather with lace trimmings Or take home your Whole Roast Muskoka Turkey with apple-apricot stuffing and all the trimmings! Pre-order by Oct. 7 @ 905-470-8500 x 2067 We got that raw shit with all the trimmings, we done two albums but this feels like the beginning.... GOODMORNING crayfish curry and a roast leg of lamb with all the trimmings for supper tonight... <--Great! Wat time should I be there? crayfish curry and a roast leg of lamb with all the trimmings for supper tonight...can this day get any better??lol I must have caught the cooking bug because I just put a pork shoulder with all the trimmings in the crock pot. Alright. Um...@_Jetfire? Three steaks please. With all the trimmings. maybe you're turning cannibal? and nail trimmings are the only thing that help you NOT eat every human in sight? just a thought No weiners and beans, but GREAT all-you-can-eat turkey and trimmings at Plainville Farms in Cicero, NY, just of Syracuse. Just finished my first coat & did the trimmings (hate doing those, lol) but it looks good. What u think? enjoying ur meal.u could of come 2 mine.i do a mean rostie with all the trimmings!x The Trend Area in CMC lower lobby looks great! See the latest fabrics and trimmings for Autumn/Winter 2010/11. I think it would be just such an experience. Sometimes the trimmings are the best bits, no meat required! No sign of tents scrap metal (Royal Oak): free scrap old 2 car garage door with all the trimmings door is cut into nea..
"Decolonising Fiji: Reclaiming Indigenous Fijian Psychologies" (PDF)
B the salt&lite & go into the world & make it better & God will b famous thru U. Holly Wagoneer @ Shoreline thurs nite 7pm campus Wanted 86 Jeep Grand Wagoneer for rebuilt. Must have good frame. God's Country, PA Jeep Wagoneer 1987-1997 Custom Fit Bug Shield Jeep : Wagoneer 1985 Jeep Grand Wagoneer With New Rebuilt 401 Engine - Montreal&gt;For Sale&gt;Cars-Trucks&gt;1985 JEEP GRAND WAGONEER $3500- Montreal>For Sale>Cars-Trucks>1985 JEEP GRAND WAGONEER $3500- Montreal>For Sale>Cars-Trucks>1985 JEEP GRAND WAGONEER $3500- Montreal>For Sale>Cars-Trucks>1985 JEEP GRAND WAGONEER $3500- Got my Grand Wagoneer out today. Feels good to be behind the wheel. She's been in the garage for over a month! 1987 Jeep Grand Wagoneer for sale! Pics will be on loves being a Welcome Wagoneer! PS: I'm on the prowl for an old jeep wagoneer keep your eyes open... PS: I'm on the prowl for an old jeep wagoneer (#woody). Keep ur eyes peeled Traded the cherokee for the wagoneer! Jeep : Grand Cherokee Customized 1987 Jeep Grand Wagoneer - up the 1976 Jeep Wagoneer: the Wagoneer, you'll see near the end that the oil pump is leaking.. up the 1976 Jeep Wagoneer: up the Wagoneer, at the end you'll notice the oil gushing out of t..
I read that but your tweet wasn't specific to nestle just generalized to make it sound like att formula should be banned Generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder. Great. Michael Lebowitz: within the agency world you need to be specialized generalists ...or generalized specialists. strange. My lecturer's english is mediocre at best, but her notes has statements like "abstract ideas generalized from facts." Michael Lebowitz: within the agency world you need to be specialized generalists ...or generalized specialists. Michael Lebowitz: within the agency world you need to be specialized generalists ...or generalized specialists. Michael Lebowitz: within the agency world you need to be specialized generalists ...or generalized specialists. Michael Lebowitz: within the agency world you need to be specialized generalists ...or generalized specialists. Michael Lebowitz: within the agency world you need to be specialized generalists ...or generalized specialists. Aside from the one clearly defined standard related to hatching, has anyone established a generalized algorithm for counting one's chickens? Infovis is perfect example of Liu's "generalized canvas" - neutralizes everything. I find this current conversation Understood... I was giving a generalized response. nice, but there are some generalized skills and aspects of workplace culture they still need (class is swimming) A web-based application for generalized linear mixed-effects models: Jeroen Oons has created another interactiv.. MK-0777-Merck : Hope for Schizophrenia or Generalized Anxiety Disorder? Neurocognition in SZ: Cataracts, side effect MK-0777-Merck : Hope for Schizophrenia or Generalized Anxiety Disorder? Neurocognition in Schizophrenia: Cataracts, side effect How can statute make generalized grievance a injury? Featherstitch may sound like a generalized GIT! Yet, diff patching is the most basic form reflecting a Turing machine at work! Some generalized Word hate by indirectly led me to Postbox for email. So far, seems good enough to pay $40 when trial ends. Posters in the doctors office make me paranoid. I just decided I have Generalized Anxiety Disorder. Who's surprised? Don't answer that... Okey Dokey then that's enough generalized republican hostility from my little lap top in the world. Theory: Because generalized t-c seizures are the only kind they see in movies/TV shows. are generalized seizures the only type widely known to the general public when seizures are more common? LOL @ ALLL thats just generalized and uneducated... can def say the same from the spanish bx bitches...whores...cant say all tho Fourier-Bessel series? Spherical harmonics? Generalized Legendre Series? Ugh. Harriett just got back from the Shelter with three pups that have generalized demodectic mange. Photos and blog entry coming soon. Hahahaha...because it's PERSONAL, not just generalized talk. :) maybe u shouldn't call it pigism. I speak truths not fables. Call generalized advice for the public. Just looked at Bregman (generalized euclidian distance) & f-divergences (generalized difference between probability distributions) My tweets have no direction is generalized ... If ya take it a way .. Well damn dat sucks omg &then they dont want to be generalized times like these remind me,i'm glad to be a fan!lol omg and then they don't want to be generalized times like these remind me, i'm glad to be a fan! lol coincidentally I was working on something similar. The good thing about not building a generalized 3D engine ;-) actually it was americans who generalized themselves about having bush, they almost went around saying they were canadians! No idea if this screen flicker issue I have on the E55 is generalized or not. And I have to decide if I take it back in a few hours. Darn. NAH THAT WAS A GENERALIZED STATEMENT U JUS HAPPENED TO FALL IN THAT CATAGORY SMH 4 THAT- u b busy tho Hey you are not a skank and I take offense to the fact that you were referred to as one. Or generalized. She needs a life.. The jedi robe joke pissed me off too. I hate it when people get generalized for liking something. You guys are a company now? Wow. I'd be interested to see a generalized business plan. "many of the studies that are done are focused on men and then, generalized towards women" So know we get generalized? I'm a good dude. I'm not the type to be generalized. I'm an unique individual A COOKIE IS LIKE TWITTER IS SOMETIMES. A GENERALIZED PHRASE TO MAKE YOU THINK OR KEEP YOU ARE YOU BEING and the award for the most generalized tweet goes to Interested in writing about Generalized PD. I've been a professional writer for about 11 years.
is that a specific comment or one that generalizes our entire community? it also generalizes about the city which has nothing to do with the choice made by Linc security the tone just kinda generalizes all athletes. that kind of shit doesn't help one bit. it makes the divide even greater. was poking fun at generalization, you know, how everybody generalizes. Phil says "both sides are the same!" But notice how he gives SPECIFIC EXAMPLES from the Right. He generalizes and insinuates about the Left. Tried the instant Sbux coffee, I am no but I CAN tell the difference. And I do NOT like the commercial which generalizes people.. but i do think the "if women ruled" argument is broad, generalizes, & uses stereotypical gender roles as a fall-back i find that twitterscope generalizes the scorpio nature so well!! Craziness!! :) (It was for my bike, but I think the rule actually generalizes well.) Re:Weaver. He speaks to much about racism, then generalizes too much about what is liberal/conservative. He want to make my youtube video explaining what autism is. features my daughter Eowyn. Generalizes, but main pts Thinking "design with intention" message generalizes to "live with intention"... my wife would get behind that Probably generalizes to: do not talk to/about your children in public unless absolutely essential for safety reasons. ;)
Sitting at a tire shop, using my Verizon 3G card, my MacBook Pro and our VPN to get some paperwork done. Being mobile FTW. Sitting at mcdonalds for a while so my flat tire can be fixed by the amazing people at Kauffman Tire M nw tire afta a gud day's work tym 4 a shower nd ... Y am I sittin here learnin how to change a tractor tire..I will neva apply this to everyday life... Listening to the Crane Wife by The Decemberists, I will never tire of this album Latest Free Tire Insurance: Myths And Facts About Road Hazard Policies 1450 chars will not do to explain, it included a flat tire 300ILS cab fair, slow internet 2 meetings, crashing websites... and more... Also not you lucky day guys?! I forgot my keys while I closed the door and had a flat tire! :-( Flat tire on freeway - lovely way to Oct! The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire. Hays County announces free residential tire disposal day. like a tire iron more then a spare tire Odd, no chai for me, Karma for u. Just sayin' popped my back tire! you totally cursed me & my bike riding before i left 4 lunch. Just got a flat tire on my bev haha Forgot about the long wait at discount tire. Hopefully I can make it to my lil bros scrimmage at 3:30 And....they can't fix the tire. Just great. My tires are at least $100 each, too. :( Bless you unknown lady that warned me about my almost flat tire on the freeway this morning! Bored. Waiting for tire rotation at Discount Tire. I'm gonna smell like rubber now. My car me AND I get an email when my tire pressure is low, but I have to put air in myself??? lame. So I got another flat tire =( wtf Album of the ride: Elliot Smith "figure 8". ...elliot. I never tire of you. Looking forward to a walk in the park with grandson Jack tomorrow. Not sure who is going to tire first. Although I might have a good guess. I just ran over something in the road and instantly lost control. my front tire is now shredded and im stuck on the side of the freeway fml. when u ridin around for weeks @ a time on a donut tire but gettin ur hair & nails done weekly finally finish edit the song for 9th oct perf.. tire.. nitez.. If an eighteen wheeler pops a tire while driving, do they have to stop and fix it? or are they okay? is off to clear out my trunk, then heaed to big-o to fix my tire! ... The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire. The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire. Hmm, I'm more a Fat Tire kind of guy. But if on sale .. maybe. What goes good with that sir? Wings? Pizza? Um, made me woosy abit Did you see Jillian working that Biggest Loser contestant out with a sledge hammer and a tractor tire on Tuesday night? Brutal!!! At Volvo getting my tire fixed again.... Ah The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire. Michael wants us to tell you that the back tire of his bike is flat, it might have a hole in it. He who does not tire, tires adversity. 590 people like this! Still at the tire shop damn fml <-- STILL?!?! puttin tires on 24"s are a biatch i tried to call ya ass back this morning lol--- my phone died girl! My car's tire popped! It's ALL bad Just my luck. Got a flat tire today. At least it didnt bust while i was driving on the highway or something Wow. Matt and I were jump the 3 wheeler, and about to push it, and the tire falls off hahahaha mbj Carlisle finalizes plans for Jackson, Tenn., plant: Aiken, S.C.-based Carlisle Tire & Wheel, a subsi.. - Wow your actually paying somebody to change your tire? Wow waitin on them to get my new tire put on Clerics torpedo samba show: Tire, Lebanon (Reuters) - A protest by Muslim clerics torped.. I curbed my right front rim REALLY bad today... Even ripped up the tire! I'm so sorry car ;_; - Don't you hate it when you get a flat tire - SMH<--at least it didn't cause u 2 wreck! U take my car notice the tire is flat and don't put air on it now that I need the car I can take it anywhere cuz its fucking flat ! Fml ! - just got the tire swing up on set. it's to come together.... man had a flat tire this mornin that didnt help my dad well
Hillbarn Theater Presents STEEL MAGNOLIAS 10/23-11/8: No stranger to the other side of the movie camera, he mad.. How do I get free tickets and discounts to some of the hottest live theater events in Seattle this fall? Energy Take 5 Pack 5-Channel Home Theater Speaker System for $150 free shipping: For its newsletter subscribe.. Free Night of Theater 2009: Tickets for Free Night of Theater 2009 are available today. As you may imagine, the.. Free Night of Theater set for Oct. 15, Reserve Now > TONIGHT ONLY! Facebook Fan Appreciation Night, come out to V Theater at 7pm, see The Mentalist Live, FOR FREE! MOnroe Brown STate Theater In Albany GA Dec26 FREE screening of 's film "Patzer" Farmington Civic Theater at 8 p.m. 33332 Grand River Ave. Farming Paranormal Activity will be playing in a theater in Georgetown now. That's the closest so far. Free Night Of Theater 2009: Free tickets to Washington Opera's 'Ariadne' - Baltimore SunWashington National Ope.. at the Lakeshore Theater tonight! 6 hours. Let me save you some time - doing home theater FREE screening of 's film "Patzer" Farmington Civic Theater at 8 p.m. 33332 Grand River Ave. Farmington, MI 48336 Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs in 3D in a theater completely to myself! And if you are likely to think of it differently if you see it on the stage of the University theater. Murder text Dinner theater troupe will follow Mafia wedding with murder mystery - Tamp.. headed 2 the KUMBLE THEATER 2night 2 C my homie Ira Kip direct her play about activist James Baldwin set on 42nd st in 1955...fuck JIM CROW! Doing my homework. Tomorrow I have theater!!! :D :D I think that's a very good point. Think whether you are likely to see this routine on the stage of say... the University theater. Try the Wholesome Food Store in the Beaches near the Fox Theater. Good quality and equivalent to Carrot FREE screening of StarWater Productions film "Patzer" Farmington Civic Theater at 8 p.m. 33332 Grand River Ave. Farmington, MI 48336. shows to many of Free Night of Theater are booking quickly I just watched the end of fame again...I almost cried haha I love being a theater kidd! Hey so were about to leave and while were waiting we were thinking of catching a movie...whats a good theater out there? Back from the Theater.. mm .. It wasn't interesting :S:S Energy Take 5 Pack 5-Channel Home Theater Speaker System for $150 free shipping - Star Theater Pro Home Planetarium Brings The Stars To You 2night iz also da 1st night of da play DEEZ NUTS starring The Beat Nuts @ The Ohio theater Soho 66 Wooster St Nyc 9pm Tix $25 wishing and waiting...preview of tonight...going to my badeep and fellow theater students nasty is lickn ass holes and liking it ...freaky is like having sex in the movie theater lol there's a difference lol lol Rocky horror it was and we walked all through Birmingham like that from theater back to hotel [UserDeal] Onkyo TX-SR607 7.2 Channel Home Theater Black Receiver $416.96 and on sunday i go in theater wiff susi :)) Free Night of Theater set for Oct. 15, selling out fast Dozen Brass Bands his the Union Theater stage tomorrow night!! Click... gah I failed. Not Super 8-bit. I meant 8-bit Theater. Anyone want to see Promethean's "The Last Unicorn" for free? I have comps for first preview, Friday 10/16 at 8 pm @ City Lit Theater. DM me! Much Ado About Nuthin opens tomorrow. Come check out at Ark Theater. Today, October 1st, is the FREE screening of 's film "Patzer" @ the Farmington Civic Theater at 8pm Free theater tickets online Thursday - - Freebie kick continues despite no theater tickets... just got free tix to the game this saturday! Vamos United! Holy crap. A dude walked into the Franklin Mills theater with grenades straped to his belt on Tuesday. Woah Sound Therapy featuring Mark Farina * Eldon * Reverend Mitton * Kiddo * B12 * John Bowra * Justin George @ Sunshine Theater, OCTOBER 10, ... Sound Therapy featuring Mark Farina * Eldon * Reverend Mitton * Kiddo * B12 * John Bowra * Justin George @ Sunshine Theater, OCTOBER 10, ...
Its the remembering the slime mold's names that get me lol can't stand Kid Cudi, but his music fits the mold. S@M!!!
How to dynamically initialize external JS code Optimization rule: Only initialize once, not every time you need to make a change. Great tip! Hey, I didn't know you could initialize an event with an empty delegate list (avoiding the need to check for null) A string Attached DP isn't enough. What if I have 2 State groups I need to initialize? LoadingGroup.Loading LoginGroup.LoggedIn? Now Playing: DJ Initialize - Beautiful1 New Rails Commit: Initialize a new instance of Rails.application during integration tests Build 27683 released 'Coverity: Initialize dialog_ in the constructor.\n\nCID=5060\nBUG=non Hey, I didn't know you could initialize an event with an empty delegate list (avoiding the need to check for null). guess you can redefine initialize for their class :) Initialize a new instance of Rails.application during integration tests: m actionpack/lib/action_dispatch/testi.. A framework that has a initialize call for a class, which is causing unexpected behavior in apps that just reference that class. what's that now about initialize? what's up? initialize never fails to disappoint me in new and unexpected ways. "The application failed to initialize because your mother is too fat." Initialize a new instance of Rails.application during integration tests- m actionpack/lib/action_dispatch/testing/i... Initialize a new instance of Rails.application during integration tests: m actionpack/lib/action_dispatch/testi.. jeremyhu r371: Don't crash when trying to initialize GLX when run as a remote client. Should I be writing methods like: Initialize(string valueToSendToTheServer, int numberOfTimesToLoopThroughInput) ? Ok, what? My Photoshop won't open.. "Can't initialize Photoshop, because Photoshop can't open any more windows."???? My AspireOne got the dreaded "Failed to initialize HAL" error. Looks like I need to reinstall Linpus. This should be educational. Thanks! In the meantime I figured out how to initialize this beast. Connecting via a switch newly formatted HDD helped. m having problems with my 2 demo i keep getting an error saying failed to initialize session manager what can i do? Build 27593 released 'Coverity: Initialize all member variables in the constructor.\n\nCID= I'd love to be able to or from the Test Initialize methods, not even running the actual test. assigning to happens often enough to justify something like def initialize(@options = {}). Build 27561 released 'Coverity: Initialize stats_table_ in the constructor.\n\nCID=1648\nBU Build 27539 released 'Coverity: Initialize test_funcs_.test_make_request in the constructor Wow. 30 MINUTES to initialize a new Blackberry? These truly are amazing times. That iPhone can't come soon enough. tv problems cable card won't initialize Coverity: Initialize got_thumbnail_callback_, query_url_success_, and redirect_query_success_ in the construc ... Build 27525 released 'Coverity: Initialize got_thumbnail_callback_, query_url_success_, and Works for me. Now who will be the first to initialize this trend? No GUI.. I mean @ build time.. from Z pops up VNC session & have to initialize dasd in VNC session one by one. Randomly initialize! That's always the answer. although I don't think you'd initialize isDirectory in that case, since it's a return value. Must be another method? THE CODE IS CORRECT! JUST INITIALIZE!!! AHHHHHHH!!!! The program "fails to initialize." What does that even mean?! New WPF4 Feature: XAML Factory Methods. Initialize types through factories. Build 27418 released 'Coverity: Initialize all member variables in the default constructor. Build 27402 released 'Coverity: Initialize all of the member variables in the default const Build 27396 released 'Coverity: Initialize profile_ and process_images_ in the constructor. Phoenix Instant Boot: cuts down the time it takes for the Bios to initialize everything to one second A whole bunch of engineers just got really excited when prof controls vehicals in ut2004 using MATLAB. Also, she can't spell initialize.
Two classes canceled today... Wow. Thankfully they were the ones that I don't really care about being in class for =P LSW NEWS: Today OCT 1. Softball JV (ONLY) v Belton HS @ LSW CANCELED. No Practice. Varsity will play as scheduled. Class was canceled... Made Red Velvet Cake again... Watched Monsters Inc... Now off to Omi's for some authentic German Cuisine! Awesome! it would be so great if class was canceled today! Peter Bjorn and John have canceled their tour of the UK, citing unspecified "family matters" in a statement. should do a for to cheer her up. She's sad cause the omaha was canceled. Clairvoyants meeting canceled due to unforeseen events. Third class of the day. Canceled. POW! Hoop Dancing is canceled for today. But there are 2 more chances to try hoop dancing at Herald Square. The next two Thursdays at 6pm Lisa & Jody stuck at Flight canceled to Nashville for SITA Gala. Fingers crossed to get on next plane. This seminar has been canceled. We apologize for any inconvenience. say F Valdimir Radmanovic (ankle) was limited in practice today. Larry Brown canceled the PM workout, going longer in the AM went to a discussion that was canceled in a lecture I wasn't paying attention in... senioritis. Well, that sucked. Got one block away from the job site, job canceled. At home now, gonna get some sleep. tonight's DALLAS WAYNE show is canceled. Refunds available at point of purchase. AGGG! SOOO PISSED. The Angelspit on Halloween got canceled. Now, they're playingo n th 30th, which I do ... Scarecrow Decorating and Hot Dog Grilling Canceled for Tonight. If you need a pumpkin, call Sara at 295-2657 or 341-4170. On NFL: Del Rio not OK with Jags QB Garrard's radio show, has it canceled: Jaguars David Gar.. Meeting at TC canceled... Getting tired, wanting to go outside and play. Wanting a fire and relaxing with my family tonight. wait, soap operas can be canceled? i thought those things were eternal God damn my brother! We had to go back to my damn school to pick him up, since band practice was canceled. Never use 1&1 Internet. I can't believe they sent us to collections for $8.95 on something we had already canceled. We are sad to that tonight's Sip & Sail is canceled. Hope to have Pioneer up and running again next week. Uh... I really hope the Denver show isn't canceled! Amy ? U know that your show 2morrow is canceled , right ? I heard that they canceled their next shows , even the in europe :/ "The Forgotten" is a good show. Just finished watching it! Hope it does not get canceled like the last Christian Slater tv show. I like him! Girls Golf Match @ Osage is canceled today. There will be no make-up. class got canceled..damn lookin forward to it..geesh..that means my least favorite class gone really bore the hell of of me I think the good news canceled the bad :) Congrats on the Today Show! Flight canceled. Stuck un Brussels till tomorrow. Next steps: Has to get back out and wait for luggage. Then hotel. Bummer. is glad he checked RamCT ... my class is canceled today :) what the fuck, i've been waiting here for 5 hours and my philosophy class was canceled Japanese Honor Society was canceled for today due to Sensei being absent (that also means that my japanese class went by easily today) So my hockey game was canceled, planning for tonight's class done, what shall I do for my unexpected free hour this afternoon? Hey students - class is canceled. Take the hour and prep for mid-terms and do what you need to do. Class was canceled!! =D girls golf at indian creek for tonight against peru st. bede and rochelle has been canceled. recalls that the last time a Senate leader canceled a recess, Republicans won control of Congress ('94): woah...good thing i checked my account for my marketing class...ITS CANCELED!!! EEEP! So I have more time to study! *dances* haha I want a nap. and for class to be canceled. and a million dollars. sonnn diz nikka canceled todaiii class 2 lolz Hell yea my Math class is canceled for today teacher is sick so I have a break intill 2 - i hate when drama is canceled. now i have nothing to do for the next 2 hours. plus i was kinda looking forward to blocking today. blahh . Del Rio not OK with Jags QB Garrard's radio show, has it canceled: Jagua.. Actually, by 'on me', I mean 'canceled my classes or close enough'. you know what's awesome? canceled classes. F YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ... the scene last week w/the circle of life baby intro was the best! Love this show so it will probably be canceled (1 L or 2?) My English class was canceled today, so i'm going to go home and do nothing but eat ice cream and watch TV
Sun Chips, 2-liter SuperChill brand red soda pop. they should sell monster in all fast food joints... or in two liter bottles... yes i have a problem A 20 liter bottle of fresh water to a family who has NO access to it during the flood = $0.20 each lmfao 2:48 liter of cola lmfao Watch this video on Metacafe - Super Troopers Whoa, nicely done. Research must have been fun. We have our 1-liter mugs ready for this weekend. Which style is next? New Wave Enviro Tinted Stainless Steel Water Bottle (0.6-Liter) New Wave Enviro Tinted Stainless Steel Water Bottle (0.6-Liter) New Wave Enviro Tinted Stainless Steel Water Bottle (0.6-Liter) New Wave Enviro Tinted Stainless Steel Water Bottle (0.6-Liter) if i have a headache it means that i don't drink enough coffee. i just made me 1 liter of coffee. one of my addictions. aside from me drinking a can and half of crunk juice and a liter of pepsi, nothing from this end! on a liter note listen to a brief info mssg at 800 268 9856 to learn about getting PAID from wireless Went safe way with mohoney and got a liter of mountian dew! so yummy - is drinking a 2-liter of Coke. She's thirsty. :) Update: Bloodwork. Chest xray. On 3rd liter of fluid via IV. DR says it's not flu. Feeling 30% better. Thx 4 prayers! * The High Priestess was being descended by acolytes in a litter. The entered the room and deposited the liter over a throne like stone... * Sitting in the cafe at Owens listening to an underage guy brag about drinking a liter at a and eventually getting hit by a car. Se ... You guys using some of weird macro lens, or are the Oktoberfest taster glasses over there all one liter big? Make sure you ordered a 20oz, the pop defaults to 2-liter. It tripped me up at first too. definitely big ups to Simpson's Food Fair... boxes of Grippo's and 3 Liter Faygo's... billions and billions served Brain freeze!!!! Drank half a liter icecold milk! Off to bed now. It's gonna be all zzzzz's haha..a 2 liter...wow - yuck New Wave Enviro Tinted Stainless Steel Water Bottle (0.6-Liter) Had to polish off most of a .5 liter carafe of wine so the angry propriter of this excellent taverna would not yell at us New Wave Enviro Tinted Stainless Steel Water Bottle (0.6-Liter) New Wave Enviro Tinted Stainless Steel Water Bottle (0.6-Liter) no lunch today. i'm about to guzzle down a liter of water. that'll keep me full until i get home. NEW! White 3 Liter Deep Fryer - New Wave Enviro Tinted Stainless Steel Water Bottle (0.6-Liter) NEW! White 3 Liter Deep Fryer - We went on late night run last night for snacks. I picked out a 2-liter of Dt. Mt. Dew and a bag of oyster crackers. Think I'll fill my 1 liter Henn bottle up from da half gallon and travel on to GA wit it!!! =) emmmmmmm lol New Wave Enviro Tinted Stainless Steel Water Bottle (0.6-Liter) New Wave Enviro Tinted Stainless Steel Water Bottle (0.6-Liter) TPA food and drink event of the day: Dunedin Brewery Oktoberfest Liter Release & Appreciation Night - New Wave Enviro Tinted Stainless Steel Water Bottle (0.6-Liter) New Wave Enviro Tinted Stainless Steel Water Bottle (0.6-Liter) New Wave Enviro Tinted Stainless Steel Water Bottle (0.6-Liter) I love how you always have your 2 liter of pop haha physics class LitE (via not liter than science yesterday they were selling giant beer mugs,I couldn't believe how many people bought them for $15 with a liter of beer FREE 2 liter soda with XL Pizza at Top Class Pizza in Anaheim. My NeXT goal in my life is drink this one liter of Pepsi. Detroit! Cosmic Catering has a new menu featuring "Hot Grinder Sandwiches" for $8.95pp..w/choice of Salad and 2-liter They got a loaf of bread w. PBJ, a two liter of coke & vienna sausages going around in class!! Lololol wow. try around a liter or so first. I'm sure there are some websites that'll give you a good number to prevent overdoing it. Hand Sanitizer, Purell, 2 Liter Pump Bottle, Each GOJ962504 Does a box of Cheez-Its and a 2 liter of MTN Dew count?
computerizing... do I really have to finish computerizing it now, i'm really sleepy. I could send you something else I wrote though =D
is a website that pays your with digital dollars that you can redeem prizes with. Sign up and is a website that pays your with digital dollars that you can redeem prizes with. is a website that pays your with digital dollars that you can redeem prizes with is a website that pays your with digital dollars that you can redeem prizes with. Sign up and is a website that pays your with digital dollars that you can redeem prizes with. Sign up and Watch Golf Channel coverage of Turning Stone for chances to win a Kodak Zi8 & more great prizes is a website that pays your with digital dollars that you can redeem prizes with. is a website that pays your with digital dollars that you can redeem prizes with. Sign up and is a website that pays your with digital dollars that you can redeem prizes with. is a website that pays your with digital dollars that you can redeem prizes with. Sign up and Play Trivia games on RewardTV for cash and big prizes. 80K won ever and over $1M paid out. Be the next. CONTEST: Over 25 prizes! Raven 5th Annual Scavenger Hunt is LIVE Don't forget to join us on the 24th for Pugtoberfest! Doggie Costume Contest, Games & Prizes, Silent Auction, Treats, & Meet Adoptable Pugs! w/us TONIGHT @ HOPE Campaign launch DJs, free booze, food & prizes. Watch Golf Channel coverage of Turning Stone for many chances to win a Kodak Zi8 & more great prizes Two prizes featuring Hope Garden...two prizes of our new Danielson Designs Custom signs...and a $25 Gift... I just entered to win some great SEO prizes from and Please Cafe 2.0 Prizes FREE tonight on the LiveCast! Type "I Want My Cafe 2.0" into the LiveBlog to enter the raffle! The Dusty Boot presents Halloween with Sandman Saturday, Oct.31st 9-close with prizes...: Enter AmeriBag's Next HBB Model Contest and you could be in the 2010 catalog AND receive $500 in cash and prizes! What are you gonna make with Chance to win some awesome prizes. for better recipes) Take the AC Twitter Challenge! You could win a netbook or other great prizes. 2 weeks left! I just entered to win some hot prizes from Win Darien Lake Fright Fest passes and other cool prizes at Posting prizes to competition winners tomorrow...sorry about delay...needed to buy stamps :) Enter the AmeriBag's Next HBB Model Contest and you could be in our catalog AND receive $500 in cash and prizes! Our Oct email will be sent out later today.Still time to sign up for it! You'll be entered to win monthly prizes Enter to win a signed Lebron James poster from the film "More Than A Game" 50 more prizes! Just click here Do you think like O'Neill? Play NameThatTeam for free - - weekly cash prizes up for grabs Villa Money Meter ready to break $5K! Lots of cash prizes! CALL 1x each hour or LOG ON 10x each hour to play 1-888-4-GSNLIVE or Enter to Win Over $3,000 in Prizes from I just entered to win some hot prizes from Racing Fan Appreciation Day is Saturday, Oct 10 from 11:00am-6:00pm. Win cash prizes through Track Instant wins! Food & Beer Specials! this month!!!!One lucky fan will be choosen to receive a free girft from Ascension Cheer Academy. Prizes... I just entered to win some great SEO prizes from and Please We are promoting Luke Goss social media sites with cool contest & great prizes. Watch Golf Channel coverage of Turning Stone for many chances to win a Kodak Zi8 and more great prizes usually about 4 people or so but varies and compete for prizes. Prizes are gift for jacksons and other random things Idea: "Foreign Flick Guess Fest" Find some good foreign movies, play them without subtitles, then answer questions for prizes Do you dig prizes? Enter 's contest and win some! indie horror mags! Yes she did, yes she did! sweet! scored some seriously kick butt prizes for the Fribble Battle! New Nobel prizes are 'unlikely': Calls for new Nobel prizes to 'reflect modern science' are unlikely to be answ.. at the end of one week sales who had more mariah or whittney and u pick the prizes Chk out Contest going on with 5 FREE Prizes... Join Fan Page..Listen to Video Have a great day everyone! Win some beautiful prizes at The comments are coming in. Saving til Oct.15th :) Hahahhah! I am looking for ideas for contests for people to in...we have tons of stuff to give away as prizes ;) Follow us for your chance to win daily prizes from hot companies. and spread the word!
I make typos only when publicizing myself--no one else. Not "state fright," but "stage fright." Wanna get over it? why do you keep publicizing cheap flights offers. Naya time job hia kya? it's just really bugging me that he's over there watching the vmas/publicizing himself. He has a country to run, ya know?:\ Tonight's news: Federal and State authorities open a plethora of public comment notices...including extending & publicizing Intake changes Working on publicizing the first chapters of the online novella, The Seven Gates of the Kingdom. Get ready to read... I don't believe that she had this of relationship with her father. Why is she publicizing it? Sounds fishy to me! Thanks to Tim Miller for helping out with publicizing weekend on wall of lisner it's still getting kinks ironed out so we haven't gone too hard publicizing it yet. GM is finally shutting Saturn down..*drops a tear of joy* tired of seeing that butt ugly brand. are they still publicizing though? Ok let me know when you do so I can send the that I wasn't publicizing! Dennis Hopper hospitalized (source: The Dallas Morning News): Actor shows flu symptoms while publicizing TV ser.. Diet-Pill-Online. Actor shows flu symptoms while publicizing TV series (source: The Dallas Mor.. he has suave flu Dennis Hopper hospitalized: Actor shows flu symptoms while publicizing TV series Dennis Hopper hospitalized: Actor shows flu symptoms while publicizing TV series I think it is a *great* idea to publicizing new blog posts here. Leg. budget incresed 2 4.7 BILLION. 1/2million 2 Senators publicizing townhalls, 30,000 foreign dignitary receptions & 4 mil. 4 consultants Prof Doug Powell's interview with KCUR public radio on publicizing flu prevention tactics. Finally publicizing a religion book from a young woman - "The Boundary-Breaking God" by - Bloggers, want to review it? That's great news about Weebles! Thanx for publicizing his plight -- there's a saucer of cream waiting for you in kitty heaven :-) In the news: Prof Doug Powell's interview with KCUR public radio on publicizing flu prevention tactics. i'm publicizing the link that leads to the place where I'd like to go except I've been there so many times already link here) movement can only work if major networks like CNN and BBC join Nigerians in publicizing it and EMBARASS the government and publicizing my tweets again so that people know how awesome club is! 50 this week... A small yet change to our item stats link serving: FeedBurner has been busy analyzing, publicizing, .. I think Chris and Fann are overly publicizing their wedding. Publicizing meetings It also nukes BootMii apparently. So much for that being safe from firmware updates! I hear G4 publicizing piracy may be to blame. A small yet change to our item stats link serving: FeedBurner has been busy analyzing, publicizing, .. A small yet change to our item stats link serving: FeedBurner has been busy analyzing, publicizing, .. AbsoluteSeo is presenting the latest SEO Services that helps to ...: AbsoluteSeo is publicizing the latest SEO .. May I see said photo in some venue other than publicizing it on a public board? AbsoluteSeo is presenting the latest SEO Services that helps to ...: AbsoluteSeo is publicizing the latest SEO .. so what if hes publicizing it, not many players do what does. Officially my fave non-Bear. Bears vs Bengals in Super Bowl XLIV AbsoluteSeo is presenting the latest SEO Services that helps to ...: AbsoluteSeo is publicizing the latest SEO Services which have uniqu.. A small yet change to our item stats link serving: FeedBurner has been busy analyzing, publicizing, .. A small yet change to our item stats link serving: FeedBurner has been busy analyzing, publicizing, .. I wish these niggas would quit publicizing their ugly penises A small yet change to our item stats link serving: FeedBurner has been busy analyzing, publicizing, .. I try to help by publicizing the event so people no about it . you could do that.:) thank you.Everything helps Publicizing Country Joe's Monthly Open Mic on Oct. 8 @ 7 pm Social Justice Committee @ Berkeley Unitarian Hall. & - LOL at Jane blackmailing Heather Jr. into publicizing her dress designs & LOL Ashlee Simpson's cont'd bad acting You'd think an organization publicizing "Banned Books *Week*" would include info about which week it was on their event page. Sigh. thanks for publicizing my low standards... No shame in my game! May have figured it out. Does the drama have to do with the abrupt publicizing of something which was not meant to be public yet? Publicizing divorce on Facebook. Creepy. Former client spent a year on Facebook publicizing his true love, soulmate girlfriend. Recent break-up, however, was not as public. :D REALLY I THINK TEHY MADE THERE KIDS LOK BAD..THEY TO DAMN OLD TO B PUBLICIZING THERE FAMILY DRAMA ON T.V WITH * KIDS..NOT COOL @ ALL!
What? one of our best Biz Ops now accepts UK Traffic??? Profits At Home Using Google Now Accepts UK... MAXIMIZE YOUR ROI NOW! RUN THIS!!!! This system can maximize the volume of leads acquired through targeted traffic on websites like Twitter. still buggy. Interface is slick in some (widget minimize, maximize) and clunky in others (scroll bars and pop ups) impressive speed. Master Your Philanthropy: How to maximize your strategic giving (Master Your Personal Finances Se... - by Nicola Elkins. Maximize your network using Facebook Secrets Use your blog to maximize your Network Tricking your mind about pain to maximize performance Maximize your income At Morgan Associates, it is our goal to be a of the dynamic team that helps your child maximize his or her learning potential. Should the Eagles trade Michael Vick now and maximize his value, or pick up is option for next year and trade him then? We teach you how to earn and maximize your profit Cross link all pages within each site to maximize the PageRank of all your pages within each web site. A simple way to "Get More Customers, Sell More Product & Maximize Residual Income" in ANY economy! In debriefing meetings all afternoon discussing how to make improvements to maximize effectiveness. Our friends at are on a roll. Another great - this time about ways to maximize your brand w/ FB. Maximize Your 4th Ad Revenue: October 1st marks the of the 4th and the ADSDAQ Exchange Se.. Ulin /UC-Berkeley. The only clear thing: "More content always available will not maximize" Maximize Your 4th Ad Revenue: October 1st marks the of the 4th and the ADSDAQ Exchange Se.. Assembled a collection of fast turning & high margin products to help maximize impulse sales for retailers. "More content always available, will not maximize" Aggregators like You Tube & Hulu win, but content providers fight for a small piece. Someones attempt to maximize on his success with simplicity is trying to fuck it up for increase in revenue << True. Maximize Your Fat Burn with Interval Training Maximize your network using Facebook Secrets Use your blog to maximize your Network - way to maximize your screen time on the big screen last night at the Absolute bliss! Maximize-Video-Play-Quality maximize video play quality... - Business Online Coach: Maximize Your Profits and Your Clients with SEO Reseller Program Not seeing the results you desire in your business? Then Maximize Your Business Live How to Maximize your Home Energy Audit: Indeed, some elements of an audit will serve as cor.. Preparations made now to maximize HCAHPS results will yield returns in the form of maximized Medicare reimbursements. I think I'll be on the earlier train--working through lunch hour to maximize productivity and to help me get the heck outta here! Effectively training every aspect to maximize your jump explosion: Maximize your tweet and get a free iphone/GC/$199 from iphone giveaway contest! Maximize Your Job Search Using LinkedIn This system can maximize the volume of leads acquired through targeted traffic on websites like Twitter. Directory How to Maximize the Potential of Your Plumbing Business Card: Take a g.. the online world is tribal. deliberately engage with your social media stream to maximize connections. Top Ten Tips to Maximize Your Restaurant Menu - - the online world is tribal. deliberately engage with your social media stream to maximize connections. Move Minimize, Maximize & Close Buttons to The Left in Ubuntu Maximize Your Existing Customer Purchases Maximize Your Existing Customer Purchases Effectively training every aspect to maximize your jump explosion: had a great rumble with the new office puppy Mojo - showing him the ropes - best trash to raid, things to chew, how to maximize cuteness My son is complaining that the long-division worksheet creators are simply trying to maximize their profits by getting me to purchase them. How the Right Research Can Maximize Public Relations - Very useful information for anyone who's trying to maximize their reach here!
Neighborhood Watch: How Social Media is Making Cities Safer: The Cities series is by .. girl shit bout to get real!!! BONNIE N CLYDE. '10 coming to a neighborhood near you....lol!!!RIGHT..LMAO How to Find Neighborhood Customers Online: Social Marketing for Local Service Businesses | i want to run, but my neighborhood is a bad place for running. it's on a hill, so i either feel like i'm being pushed forward or pulled back Creating Neighborhood Capital from Strip Malls I have been sayin' this for a while. Nothing anchors a neighborhood like a good grocery store. There may be sex predators in your neighborhood.Prevent any crime especially on your loved ones hey cuz how you doing...? You gone be in the neighborhood today? Richard_Florida Suburban renewal Creating Neighborhood Capital from Strip Malls "I was just no where near your neighborhood"-Singles Vote for best neighborhood-scale climate projects at Project Fund. $5,000! this month New Trend: Neighborhood Watch: How Social Media is Making Cities Safer Why is there a helicopter circling over our neighborhood? They must be lookin for or those screaming kids from the grocery ... Sol: Creating Neighborhood Capital from Strip Malls - PLANetizen Also I can't stop sneezing. It's a terrible day in the neighborhood kids! Neighborhood Watch: How Social Media is Making Cities Safer - (mashable) Varga Bar (4/5) on Yelp: I stopped in here last night after wandering around the neighborhood wondering what to.. Thank God McDonald's has finally added some edible burgers to their menu. They're the only drive-thru grease pit in my neighborhood. Go green in your neighborhood! Neighborhood Effects: Another Case for Neighborhoods: A growing trend has emerged across the country of raising.. Fabulous New Listings in High Demand Neighborhood! Suburban renewal Creating Neighborhood Capital from Strip Malls Last Thursday for Queen Anne Farmers Market, go a wonderful neighborhood experience. Suburban renewal Creating Neighborhood Capital from Strip Malls Your Friendly Neighborhood Cup Holder is gaining weight from all of these neighborhood Tastes. Taste of Park tickets up for grabs if you this! I have a bunch of magpies outside my window today. Then my dogs got out and unleashed havoc on the neighborhood. Fun times. Neighborhood Watch: How Social Media is Making Cities Safer Conflict of interest arises over how to spend federal stimulus dollars in one Kansas City neighborhood. Project Aims To Improve Avondale 1 Tree At A Time: Residents of a neighborhood often plagued by crime hope a be.. Exploring my neighborhood - I Saw The Sign: Noe Valley Edition Neighborhood Watch: How Social Media is Making Cities Safer (love to see SM being used for good!) What's up with the roadrunners? These birds are all over my neighborhood this year! I just saw one on my back patio. How cool is that?! A new Brewers Hill restaurant is a gourmet find in the changing Natty Boh neighborhood ... Checking out: Neighborhood Watch: How Social Media is Making Cities Safer" by Josh Catone Good info! Neighborhood Watch: How Social Media is Making Cities Safer What a beautiful day in this neighborhood! That's I love October! Cooler weather in the of Arizona. It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood. The dhall just had pumpkin soup. Perfection. nope, your good! Try trick or treating in neighborhood! Neighborhood Watch: How Social Media is Making Cities Safer why am i watching two new houses being built in a neighborhood with more vacants that ones being lived in? I'm just going to watch freaky movies with my friend and go candy shopping around her neighborhood even though we're too old. Soup! Soup! Soup! Making a new yummy broth from strained remnants of various neighborhood pets/pests. Black cats are both evil & delicious! Neighborhood Watch: How Social Media is Making Cities Safer: The Cities series is by .. Has your neighborhood hit bottom yet? Hey Detroit: Devil's night is coming up. How about a neighborhood Day of the Dead cremation this year? Mikey made the call. Going to neighborhood vet as our regular is 1) far and 2) DIDN'T CALL BACK! Pray for us. Bet yall would never guess who I saw in BOA lol!!! Nope I'm not tellin!!! I can get use to runnin into them around the neighborhood lol Neighborhood Watch: How Social Media is Making Cities Safer: The Cities series is by ..
grandma is gone so i have to wait till tomorrow, kenny g just came and apologized to me for having to wake up at 6am .. im hungry Grayson apologized to the right people, those killed every year while the criminal Health Insurers deny Grayson apologized to the right people, those who are killed every year while the criminal Health Insurers deny,delay coverage. I just had my homie, listenin to a mixtape of yours and he apologized for not knowin how you go in...pause. ma gurl just apologized for slackn 0ff. Made me feel kinda g0od t0 kn0w i didnt have t0 check her. She checked herself! T0day will b a gd 1! Boston Club just scored 2 points: they apologized and gave me training sessions for yesterday's towel situation. DETERMINE. I was wrong. I curse out a security guard however I apologized. I slept out side on the side walk. I will do it again to avoid I poked the swell shark with a fork today accidentally while feeding him. I apologized to him afterwards. I hope he's okay. Charles should have apologized Paramore's Williams kicks off tour by losing her voice: Williams, 20, apologized to fans for her raspy voic.. group apologized for taking credit for my arrangement. very nice about it. onto my next arrangement, girl group medley, followed by adele! Hell no I don't believe that. Lol I'm perfect! Lol sike but... she just apologized. I don't think I believe that either Received a ticket for not paying a $1 Toll in NJ. The admin fee was $24! I mailed a check for $1 & apologized for not seeing the Troll! I just apologized to a local builder who I mistook for an infamous builder with the same name in Florida. I take it back...he apologized to j...lol translator could have just apologized and left rather than try awkwardly. Others on the table seemed to translate better anyway. Apologized to all our enemies, appeaser, pro big govt.. Spread my work ethic, not my wealth. Wants to make nice with terrorists. I blushed! I turned back & apologized, he looked I said, I meant to say thnx..its social media lingo. .@MicheleBachmann have U apologized to the family of Bill Sparkman yet? Have U prayed to 'your' God that he wasn't killed b/c of your lies? It's always that way, He apologized a week ago about rumors, yet is still posting rumors. it will get better.U've apologized&if ppl cant accept it,thats not ur prob,its theirs.God didnt put us all here 2fight. ;0) i wonder if the driver apologized, i hope so. Griffin Bell later apologized to me for that decision. It was a stupid thing she did, im glad she apologized its all the PAST & like i sed tyou, i apologized the other day. its not like i still bitch abt her. i dont give a F y'knw? Bussin Apologizes For Radio Outburst: Toronto Councillor Sandra Bussin has apologized for her bizarre outburst .. u r sumtimes it presents itself n anger.Believe me..bin there,done that.U've apologized so I think eva1 should move on. Hey Grayson,when you apologized to the dead, we're you referring to the future political death you were helping to bring to the Dems? its abt me and your friend there, i apologized and shit. she said it wasnt a big deal, so give me a break, yeah? right?! I apologized for having a big puppy. Shmuck. Oh, that's right! Fiji water- except I mistakenly typed "Figi," then apologized, & you said "that's OK, thought it was a rip-off" ;) I'm surprised how many times Ziva and Tony have apologized to each other on this episode already, and it's not half over yet. WOW...guy who used to make my life hell at work just came to my office and apologized saying he should have worked with me, not against. Wilson should have never apologized!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I apologized 2 u for the misunderstood on "hump" yesterday, English isn't my main lenguaje so I looked 4 it. Felt like bug=( Vick apologized, served his time and still has talent. Talent comes 1st, personality 2nd - look at Favre and Moss. A kid literally just walked past me in the hall and growled at me. His teacher apologized...never a dull moment fo sho Wow tpain apologized to jayz lmfao what a herb scared much!!! kinda like does...oh wait he apologized to gettin smacked To the woman behind me in line that I apologized to: he's almost 2. Get over yourself. he apologized cuz all the shit he said about jay T-Pain apologized to Jay-Z? For what? Helping a LOT of niggas' care *agree* T-Pain apologized to Jay-Z? For what? Helping a LOT of niggas careers? Man fuck that. T-Pain apologized to Jay-Z? For what? Helping a LOT of niggas' careers? Man fuck that. i apologized n it was da day afta At school.Went to the fair last night.Upset about what happen.That cryed alott..He apologized.I thinks its better??I luv him so much It was so well written that it pained me to tear it up! That's why I apologized. glad one apologized, the other moron should too. How about the BF, did HE apologize for making light of your feelers? Wow...So...T-Pain apologized to Jay-Z for what he said...
Thks for your inquiry. S&H *per order* is $12.95 for contiguous US; other countries vary. Save $ by ordering TOT & stein 2gether Center for Inquiry's BLASPHEMY CONTEST | Uncommon Descent
You don't have to mow ever. :) It's just if you want the roots to keep developing and avoid spring snow mold... Protect Your Home from Moisture & Potential Mold Damage Phila poln 10/1/09: Tree: MODERATE; Grass: not seen; Mold: VERY HIGH; Ragweed: MODERATE; other weeds: MODERATE Clone a Pussy! Now you can make a mold of your favorite pussy! Makes a great gift the mold for the tree is cleaned out and im prepping it for a cold cast bronze out of MG. ... look et ye fuckin look et ye they broke the mold when they made you eh? eh? - You've gotta take a mold of that baby! Did you know that October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month? Safer homes mold the future and make the world a better place. (402) 438-2379 Lincoln Nebraska! Mold Remediation & Cleanup (DryHero | Emergency Water Removal) Protect Your Home from Moisture & Potential Mold Damage The allergist read my results. I am allergic to dust mites, mold, cats, mildly allergic to dairy and wheat, some pollen, and COCKROACHES!? Bring some Halloween flair home with the Mold-A-Rama Frankenstein! - Bring some Halloween flair home with the Mold-A-Rama Frankenstein! You can make the fun figurines for a limit ... Workin on mask some more, would be nice if I get a yay or nay today for the mold setup. Probably won't till tomorrow. Free eBook: How To Find Mold & Moisture Problems in Your Home & What to Do About Them: Comedy night in mold. Jon richardson and roger monkhouse. Related to bob? Hellloooooo... mold that clay, sugar! 3 bites into my turkey sandwhich i smelled something funny. it was the green mold underneath it lol Snow Birds get your "Up clothes cleaned as soon as you arrive in Florida. don't let mold get True! I need molding. Can u mold me miss ma'am? and marriage is not like jail! Shut up lol the whole 6 months. I witness people get there place quicker than two months! Now, I comprehend that I don't fit the mold. I don't do drugs Storing my clothes in the basement was a terrible idea, everything smells like mold. :( ohhhh chris brown "mold that"...who someone told me that 6yrs ago! and wat a job he did Bank paid for mold remediation and new carpet in my Chesapeake Ranch listing located in Lusby, MD. Water Access Priced at $227,900! I wanna steal red and blue pens @ the drive thru..NOT these loose mold green pens Snow Birds get your "Up clothes cleaned as soon as you arrive in Florida. don't let mold get I have cleaned the sink of doom and defeated the evil that lurks under week old dishes. The mold there was capable of speech... Affirm: "God created the heavens and the this phrase to mold and transform you. Everything and everyone in the heavens ... you twist to fit the mold that i am in <3 If there was black mold in your room wouldnt you be out of there in a too? Protect Your Home from Moisture & Potential Mold Damage the 80's when music was to break its mold and the style as you can see has come full circle, mostly on the east coast mold isnt all bad- they use it to make Penicillin & & cheese... Just downloaded e-SimpoeWorks. It is a free mold filling program for SolidWorks. I will demo on the CAPINC blog. Protect Your Home from Moisture & Potential Mold Damage Another special day for me: I've managed to mold my case manager position into a teacher of mobility skills, even of for 2 hours today. Yea Removing Mold: If you begin to notice black stains, white stains and green stains on your walls, or your floor .. Mold May Be Making Firefighters Sick haha :0) what if i requested a commission for some gold mold? Did my water damage/mold remediation presentation help clarify our services? Hi Sweety! Sorry I was soaping up my........ mold. Lol FYI it takes 4 days for a hot dog with ketchup to mold in a minivan in PA in the fall. Ubiquitous mold, a problem in bathrooms, kitchens, and basements, can Mold found in duct work on service call today. Now this will make you sick quick. I tried the "bowl of mud" technique on the last girl I liked, but it failed. Gonna try "can of mold" -- thanks for the tip! off to mold the youth ... what is a mold spore trap analysis?? Yay. Got lots of compliments on My water damage/mold presentation @ the Laguna Hills broker preview. Thank you everyone. I made the 10 silicone mold goal. Now I have to demold and pour wax into them. The new molds will be showing... doh. tea can grow mold???
Aren't you on That 70's Show?// No but they modeled a cpl char's on me. have you modeled is arse on Lex's or mine? mine is better Naively, I would assume that business would be modeled with a schema explicitly, why do they appear buried? Naively, I would assume that business would be modeled with a schema explicitly, why do they appear buried? Did/Have you ever modeled or won pageants? New business plan, modeled after the Underpants Gnomes. Phase 1: Collect Google Wave invites. Phase 2: ? Phase 3: Profit. Working on Phase 2 Hey Tyra. I model but absolutely love 2 eat! I'm a 4-6. When u modeled, did u have a workout regime? If so, what did u do? Does that make any sense??? Other Platform sites are Service Central, Carbonblack, ebay.... We have modeled ourselves on them in my stage makeup class on friday we will have to give ourselves fake beards modeled after famous bearded guys. suggestions? how'd you get so good at rebounding? just a lot of practice? i've modeled my game after yours is your picture modeled after the walters CD cover? big fat organ...20th congress, love'em Have I mentioned how AWESOME our re-modeled Target is?! Love it! They even got new that are much easier to push. Target = my true love If lets say you modeled for some shops, wldnt you get discounts? lol. Damn random. DYK-Did You Know: of Episodes of Jaden modeled for XYMag & also designs & graphics?? You know who modeled himself after Thomas Jefferson? Hitler. Why are weblog comment sections modeled on forums? Why does that make any sense at all? is this ment to be a girl?if a character is modeled after them? I want pics. And they's gonna QQ to YouTube about you :p Electronic health care records modeled after banking system? Eesh... Will the coming simcats be modeled on these guidelines? 60-70 questions in 135 minutes? What powers the ants? My CPU cycles? No thanks! Antivirus software modeled on ants uuhh is this modeled after that Duke lacrosse player/stripper thing that happened last year?? Birmingham, AL to be modeled with sustainability focus: Will the city incorporate good green job creation? my new picture. modeled after OAR's logo. You like???? it was made on powerpoint so don't hate lol. Mr. Burns is modeled after a REAL PERSON? Anyone 3d modeled on the Mac using 'Cheetah 3d'? Is it any good? Not modeled on bigfirm overhead I agree, but wht abt basic work flows? From wht ive seen/heard they R vry traditional Not modeled on overhead I agree - but what about work flows? Arent they more traditional do you not realize that the phone you used to type that very tweet was specifically modeled after the iPhone? iPhone > Storm Curiosity drummed out of corp America? Should be valued, revered & modeled from top did you know extensive vocabulary is reserved for the intelligent and grammar is modeled after the educated? Hey I checked out Twinity the other day! Tried to find my but alas only Orchard is modeled so far, right? Now THIS is a serious lens: (Owned & modeled by Pawel (via what is it? shares (What if men modeled for cars)? (LOL) Has curiousity been drummed out of corporate America?It should be valued, revered,and modeled from the top via I favorited a YouTube video -- Pattinson modeled for Tom Baker's London Fashion Show? That's hilarious. I never really enjoyed being naked in front of people. You modeled for one guy or a class? damn girl i would've modeled for you today!! and which of Kory's lameass friends are over there? lolz Apparently JK modeled on the other Dark Lord Mandelson, so who does that leave as the Death Eaters? lol streetz magazine editor came in here asked my boss if i modeled, talkin bout some "what about her?" lol never! Apparently JK modeled on the other Dark Lord Mandelson, so who does that leave as the Death Eaters? Yes, can't beleive it. Oh and did you know it was based on ashton kutcher's days as a model? I had no clue...he modeled. iL Ferra Clothing Co.-A Company Designed and Modeled by its : Yeah i love it man...im only at the begining...you modeled 2? how many years you modeled? Budde: "You know those buns of steel videos? They modeled them after Jake's butt." modeled in the 1960s? She's so pretty! yEAH GOT IT GOIN ON...HAVE U MODELED BEFORE? - wow is that barbie modeled after you?? last few hours the is good...see how adorable this is on cute little miss avery who modeled it for me!?
Queuing for Anticipation growing. can i apply queuing theory to MQ series?? My colleagues & I in product development are queuing up to take the bus to Hell. In case you're interested, it's the I wasn't hiding..just..hm..behind that was the toilet(!!)and I was just looking at who was talking while queuing there-LOL Just pulled up in People already queuing to get in! likes driving the S8 quattro in the rain, dislikes people queuing the line at Subway with a big order from their office. And, yes, I had to google for the correct spelling of "queuing" :) The fact I am queuing at the Post Office to get a toilet auger makes it even more depressing. np, I was just trying to understand how their queuing/inviting system works, I find it hard 2 believe they sent 100k invites already CALLING ALL STYLISTS! We have fashion victims queuing up desperate for styling advice, if you can help us visit :) as Laine says, I am literally queuing up to do you. Don't leave me hanging, bro. To see the most uncouth flyers, take a domestic Vietnamese trip. No queuing, phone use during takeoff/landing, throwing trash on the floor. Several hundred people have been queuing outside since early this morning for open interviews for tem.. Irish Times: Hundreds queue for M&S jobs: Hundreds of people are queuing in Dublin for temporary jo.. still queuing at Movida mate?! Lol, that night was a joke! Several hundred people have been queuing outside since early this morning for open interviews for tem.. Hundreds queue for temporary M&S jobs: Several hundred people have been queuing outside since early this mornin.. Several hundred people have been queuing outside since early this morning for open interviews for tem.. so i went to Central Perk in London and they were queuing around the corner! would have loved to have gone in but can't stand queuing... Lost but found! Already 3 people queuing at that printer... There are at least 50 ppl queuing to change their ezlink card at my stn. My colleague queued An hour. I chNged mine 1 wk before deadline. jaywalkers vs those queuing up to exchange the CEPAS card now. they are opposites. Queuing theory as an argument for TDD: Sneak peek of "How test-driven development works (and more!)" at Can't believe the number of loosers queuing to get inti a coffee shop just because it's called Central Perk.. Been no Saw and now queuing for colossus woop woop! Queuing up for h&m... Queuing for my bank account, my whole life is about waiting nowadays -_-" You can tax your car on-line! Saves queuing at the PO. So ridiculous how many people are queuing to get their monthly metro pass at the station. 2 slow machines an info only booth So ridiculous how many people are queuing to get their monthly metro pass at the station. 2 slow machines an info only booth why are there so many ppl queuing for toilet in the hall today. LOL. the victorian system of queuing in cold 4 ovr hour 2 C a dr 2 B told 1 u need 2 C is not in, return nxt day 2 B told same If I were to turn up for Lexapalooza Lite at 11am to commence queuing, in your opinion would that be too late/early?! Could you not get your pension paid directly to your bank account? It would save you queuing for it ;) just wondering who is queuing up to sell? seems like selling pressure and people are selling .. @ 0.275~0.285 service is so bad this morning - severe delays, signalling problems, queuing to get into bank etc. Shocking. I guess there will be queues for a long time... yesterday I took a nap while queuing... and could play half the night *g* actually, shopping is an awesome lunch time thing! Spending it queuing the bank would be so much worse!! Ground hog day stood outside doctors. Queuing to get appointment for wife, but I amsure I catching something and got stiff neck bah That's how it used to be. I think years of obstructive tourists wore London's queuing system down! :D This chemist has the most inefficient queuing system ever. Ever I say!!!!! more than 30 queuing in front of me and waited more than 30 minutes. finally the ticket lady told me that i'm holding a new ezlink card IBM halves queuing times in morning commute in Sweden's capital: The Stockholm Congestion Charging Syst.. I know how that feels. Why can't they step aside until they've decided what they want. Queuing isn't for making up your mind. Queuing in the optimistically named fasttrack lane. LATEST TRAVEL NEWS: Delta direct a success: South Africans have been queuing up to take adva.. I'm out queuing to exhange ezlink card while my blueberries are harvesting ;-(
Any way for us to hear your radio interview about the campaign? Inquiring minds... :) Which ones? Inquiring minds want to know :) Nice! Are you going to do a writeup or show about Wave? Probably a silly question, but inquiring minds want reassurance. :) Indeed :) Inquiring minds want to know you gonna tell us what cereal you eat? inquiring minds want to know :-) So, David, how's it going? How's your mouth? Did you eat anything? Did you get lots of rest? Inquiring minds want to know. :) Did you get that drive mounted, or did you give up on it? Inquiring readers want to know! :-) Eh, it's your You're allowed to slack. =) What kind of cake? Inquiring minds want to know. Tks for I'm doing fine today. Tks for inquiring. :) So who won? Inquiring minds want to know! :) Question from to How was your date? :D - Inquiring minds want to know. does mean "dancin and shaking your booty" or "gettin busy"? inquiring minds wanna know... :) Inquiring about in Wayne? Check out Let us know if we can help! :-) Thx for clarifiying :) LIAR Sorry for the wrong impression. Was inquiring about who would "Want" one, not that I have any! R U coming through Indiana on this tour?!? inquiring minds want to know :) More about the hoodie is this, Who really got it for you? You're boyf or BB? Inquiring minds need to know. : ) Thanks! Gonna invest in one of those mesh cover thingers too... yeah, which brand & why? Inquiring minds want to know! :) It is going well! Thank you for inquiring :) Are you still having wine Yes, inquiring minds often want to know how to become writers. I should say: I dunno--fill me in when you figure it out! :) do you prefer strobe cream to the liquid version. Inquiring minds need to know :) Y'a quoi dessous ^_^ Inquiring minds want to know!!! sooooo....what's the big anouncement? Inquiring minds want to know! :-) Inquiring money is easier then i thought :D Is that true?I haven't heard that. Are you finding lots of fulfillment houses there? Inquiring minds need to know. :) question... do u ever just sit there and browse our profiles??? inquiring minds need 2 know so we can clean up! =) 2010 BC selections final (Jan - May)! I wonder if I will live in Omaha next spring... inquiring minds want to know :) when r u gonna post the link for your interview? inquiring minds need to know.... :-) I think it's our shameless urge to make a boring word sound hip & cool :) Inquiring with team ^az will be inquiring about web design course today. :) inquiring minds want to know! : ) the two dope individuals behind my intro song for those inquiring are & :) What drama? What drama? Inquiring minds want to know... :) I just checked follower numbers ... incredible ... inquiring minds want to know ... I want to know :) Well geeze...can you at least describe it???? Inquiring minds want to know. =) besides, if it is good, I want to try it myself Yea, are you??? Inquiring minds want to know. :-) ;) Are U guys getting back 2gether? Yeah, another inquiring mind, here! :) What new iPhone app?? ooh .. just has someone ring me inquiring about my coloured pencil workshop -- woot.. how exciting :) So I see you catch the on monday you putting on sam?? Inquiring minds would love to know :) Did it work? Inquiring chair recipients want to know... :-) Do that...Inquiring mindz wold like to see :-) Which book can't you put down? Inquiring minds want to know! :) no no no .... we're not debating, I was just inquiring about title and now, it makes perfect sense. :) do share the juicy??? inquiring minds want to know!! :-) hi Reggie! Happy Friday ...thanks for inquiring about me. Not 100 % but healthy enough to cover tonight's historic evening :) How do you make those cool music notes in your posts, and does it work for Facebook,l too? Inquiring minds want to know! :) good to see you arriving on the scene..inquiring minds have been wondering about your entrance :) When kids were small enjoyed watching Newton's Apple, Inquiring Minds, Here's How and 3-2-1-Classroom Contact. Wonder if still on... :) Hey girl, sorry to be nosy...Z has a gf? Can you DM me more about it? :) inquiring minds wanna know. anything good on Wendy? What flavor ice cream, inquiring minds want to know :D
Hey your bio say it all "burgeoning curmudgeon, aspiring mustache grower, user of offensive language" I doubt using the word holocaust was a good idea, & I'm sure is offensive to Jewish people. I found it a bad choice. I want to talk about rep. Grayson's use of "holocaust" in describing 45,000/yr dying from no health insurance. Is it offensive? MEN'S SOCCER Colorado School of Mines' Philip Wilson named RMAC offensive player of week it was the least offensive thing I could do. Watching your back, always. brendan and i had to both be wearing two of our most offensive when we intended to eat at quiznos but went to Honeybaked Ham Co WOMEN'S SOCCER: Tiffany Brown of Colorado College named Conference USA offensive player of week wonders if there's a market for subversive/offensive Christmas decorations. I have pyrographing blanks to play with. Answers on a postcard.. "big country's gut is offensive" ............fo sho! He is a pussy!!! Aggregate Numbers of Strategic Offensive Arms. Bureau of Verif., Comp.,and Imple. Fact Sheet MEN'S SOCCER: Colorado College's Matt Fechter named SCAC offensive player of the week Whose To Blame For Lack Of Running Game: Matt Or The Offensive Line? Rolet on the offensive as London Stock Exchange seeks to buy rival Turquoise do you find indian nicknames to be offensive?-- yea I respect it I mean there aren't any teams out there named "niggers" or "crackers" Success consecrates the most offensive crimes. Senthil kumar joined us as a marketer. not that funny but I didn't find them offensive. the writings all over campus are really offensive and irritating. someone wash them off, please. 300,000 or 1 in 5 Gazans considered "abject poor" by UNRWA; a number increased 3 times since the Israeli offensive of December/January. Another media false equivalency: insulting our president w/offensive heckle is NOT same as harsh criticism of opposing The new leader in Miami's offensive huddle? "We'll see," Sparano says. "As games go by, we'll see who wants the bullseye on their back." Are people REALLY mean on here to you? I know I pull your leg and all but are people & offensive? Manning named player of the month - Peyton Manning has been named AFC Offensive Player-of-the-Month for September, ... Rolet on the offensive as London Stock Exchange seeks to buy rival Turquoise: Xavier Rolet the new chief execut.. Whose To Blame For Lack Of Running Game: Matt Or The Offensive Line? I would like to know on a scale of 1-5 (with 5 being most offensive) how offensive it would be to go as for Halloween? Just posted: "What Would You Do For Your Children?" - WARNING: May be offensive to some ( ) I'm looking for Dwight Howard to step up his offensive game this year. I love the athleticism, but he can be sooooo much better. thinks offensive line could take over leadership of offense with pennington out ... "we'll see who really wants the bulleye on their back" Oden whistled for an offensive foul. Hooked on a spin move. After a TO Webster finishes a 2-handed dunk off a fast break pass from Rudy. Rudy at point. Oden offensive foul. Georgia South Ossetia offensive violated international law: EU commission Chris Carpenter= offensive powerhouse: 2 for 3 1R 1HR 6RBIs not to mention that he has pitched four scoreless i.. - i looked through that whole album. nothing too offensive (right?)... made me miss my blonde hair more than anything The word "offensive" has now been used repeatedly to describe the A/V experience of our new (currently offline) fire alarm system. Holy cow!!! Sorry. I'm sure it is offensive to some. I am just in shock and had to share. Repulsed by the never-ending obnoxious hell. Remaining in the offensive. Has anybody seen the universal antidote? Repulsed by the never-ending obnoxious hell. Remaining in the offensive. Did anybody see the universal antidote? Is this the most underrated offensive line in the NFL? Seems like it is to me. Repulsed by the never-ending obnoxious hell. Remaining in the offensive. SaintsNews.net> Drew Brees Named NFC Offensive Player of the Month - Congrats Drew!! Gooooo.. Saints same thing with both of us bbz, msn ? and is pumpkintits offensive ? why exactly is it offensive to be addressing Pakistan as PAK? its an urdu word meaning ''Sacred''. dude u r not even Pakistani friend asked if she should be upset. I said yes, lying to someones face is offensive no matter what it's about. Broncos Blog: Offensive line earns praise: In asking backup Chris Simms about how the .. My mother, darling, is a transvestite! Must I spell it out? Look at her photo! And your offensive remarks are unwelcome. Finds it a bit offensive that her and Eric were not invited to Eric's sisters family gathering... I think I can take a hint. Now if only they could teach Perk to go straight up with the ball after an offensive board instead of putting the ball on the floor I think of some pretty offensive shit...I wish I could repeat half of it. ha Damn my breath is offensive right now, niggas betta not ask me a question
I smell hours upon hours of drafting ahead of me. :( Good luck with all your writing/studying/presentation-ing! :D
Great day working with Matthew to finalize his "Animals" and "Stars" scripts for 'The Green Commission' film series. Filming in 1 week! For Great Power of The Axe: How long did it take to finalize the QA on the multiplayer compared to single player? connecting with to finalize registration for the Water Conference and Hand Pump Training Oct 12-17 Going to Finalize everything with Eilo Radio in Bulgaria before Monday. Once that is booked then I need to find MORE radio stations Not sure. We're still working to finalize the team's TV sched. Just wrote a bunch of Blog post to post at Have to finalize them but I will be posting them all over the next few days Need to finalize some Olympic plans for 10.2 Back at the church for a few hours, then taking the rest of the afternoon off. Need to get the grant submitted and finalize my trip to LA. bout to call the bank and finalize the opening of my business account. Decadent is real folks - GET DECKED! I find it ironic that you have to wait 90 days to finalize a divorce, but you can get a marriage license in 72 hours. Happy October! It's almost Halloween!!!!!!!! (In case you can't tell, I'm a little excited about that.) Need to finalize Halloween plans... Ok where out the door... to some filming finalize some questions... we will put some photos and vids up later tonight Working on Access Manager update today. Finalize new tree and finish "true" linking to core filesystem. Hopefully I have enough coffee Meeting with my boss to finalize full time. Wearing these heels w/ very sore legs from my work out sesh with me ha! had a great lunch with Now, I am trying to finalize admissions decisions for our PhD applicants. Good group of students! Yep, going to finalize details for HW over the weekend! Predators finalize roster, get deal with Bouillon - USA Today: BREAKING NEWS: Bianchi brothers finalize deal to sell Cervantes' and Quixotes. BREAKING NEWS: Bianchi brothers finalize deal to sell Cervantes' and Quixotes. <<ABOUT TIME I may be able to swing The Loop on Friday at 10 or 11. Let me know when you finalize. 1 van and 1 regular sized car. 50$ from everyone by saturday is all i ask so we could finalize this thing. price subject to change. Heading back to the office to make some changes to our team. Have to work through some contract terms this afternoon & finalize some details Yeah....have to finalize some details, I know everyone is savin for the cruise...but It should be a free stay, only air Finalize ho chuka hai ... next week printing mein jaayega Hello peeps!! 9 more days before my fab Please confirm your presence so I can finalize the planning!! xoxox The State Superintendent's Career-Ready Commission will hold its final meeting on Oct. 28 when they will finalize its recommendations. BREAKING NEWS: Bianchi brothers finalize deal to sell Cervantes' and Quixotes. BREAKING NEWS: Bianchi brothers finalize deal to sell Cervantes' and Quixotes. <<ABOUT TIME on my list for today: finalize my q4 research plan, and write my speech for forrester's consumer forum and european marketing forum That reminds me I still need to re-draw up my completely illegal thumbnails and finalize some also illegal designs for it. Horrendous time booking flights today. When I tried to finalize, the flights were no longer available. Tried at least 20 times on 3 sites! My teeth are damn white. Working in client's office today to finalize website. Awkward.. having paisley help me finalize this week's fantasy football lineup. she cant do any worse than i've been doing... goal of today: finalize everything for Dress to Kill show tomorrow and planning new and exciting things for Le Phare!! Gotta run around town for a bit...then finalize the bet's for the weekend...!! I'll throw some hold'em later...!! Looks like the fastest Flyer I've worked on since I doing Printing Designs .. Need to finalize it today is up. time to finalize my "wardrobe" for the trip, hit the post office, then gym. Car will be here at 1200 to take me to EWR. Today: coffee w/@tracymueller, tons o' writing, lift weights, finalize some travel details for in Foxboro next week. FTW. October? Really? This year is almost gone; what have u accomplished? All I know is I have 2 months 2 finalize a few things lol wants food. im tired and sleepy, and I must finalize work later. :( I think i'll just fall asl... Been super busy with this web project, it's nice to work with pros. Can't wait to get it online so I can finalize some backend stuffz Power nap til 9am. latest progress for the night Logo finalize and a flyer Power nap til 9am. latest progress for the night Logo finalize and a flyer Trying to finalize my interview script outline before my first one this afternoon, I LOVE doing interviews/user studies, love it. There is one page with a description of the webinars so far. But we are working hard to finalize the website in English. doing my best to finalize itravel Philippines new issue with Bacolod City as cover! can't help thinking about Jordin Sparks and spicegirls! C#.NET: .NET Best Practice No: 2:- Improve garbage collector performance using finalize/dispose pattern: .NET Best Practice No: 2.. just graduated year 12. formal tomorrow! needing to finalize what i want to do next year! :) Change the invoice for jus one for now... gotta finalize some shit before I put some money into this Wednesday project Anyone up for a quick brainstorming session? I have things I need to finalize for my coming comics, and need input on matters.
yeah, mine too. like an did so many things I never dreamed of, hoping for chapter 3 been watching so much gossip girl that last night i dreamed i was in a scandal with chuck and blair and got in a fight. BEST. DREAM. EVER. i dreamed that you were playing this love - maroon 5. sweeeeeeet! Have you ever closed your eyes and dreamed that they were there... ... last night I dreamed with :O that we were in the same hotel in my vacations :P last night I dreamed with :O that we were at the same hotel in my vacations :P I dreamed I was back in middle school and they were making us folk dance. Horrifying. Cant say I've ever dreamed that :-p If you've dreamed of having your own business what's stopping you? I had all I ever dreamed for, in return all is taken away. ... I say: Never give up :) I moved to Cali and I have the job at the place I've dreamed of since I was a kid. Dreamed I was an astronaut - shot you down like a juggernaut. Ah, Jawbreaker, enlivening my data entry. I dreamed I was hanging backstage with John Barrowman and it went on and on. Then DT was on the premises but I woke up. : p Finally, Have The Online Business You Always Dreamed Of Without The Big Expense! dreamed I was re-falling for my recent ex. but in the dream he hadn't lost his mind. and he had a job. "I dreamed I was a social butterfly in my maidenform bra." LIFE, 1955 Glad surgery is all done! That's HYSTERICAL that you said that...I've dreamed of twittering, myself. Wat do u do if ur in a loving relationship, the way uv always dreamed, but the sex is WHACK & never gets better no matter how much u tea ... I dreamed I was demonstrating the use of hand carved skis over soft mosses & ferns. then avoided a plunge into the ocean... we drove 30 minutes, parked in the driveway, and day dreamed. The butterfly dreamed the world. Wat do u do if ur in a loving relationship, the way uv always dreamed, but the sex is WHACK & never gets better no matter how much u teach?? Last night, I actually dreamed about pithy tweets that would be perfect for to tweet. YIKES. About 16 hours ago I posted a tweet about my sex-themed dreams. Just to update, last night I dreamed I won an eating contest. This Lol "I dreamed I was a sperm looking for condo's in Keri Hilson's womb". & I wish you the best, and i wish you nothin less, in everything youve ever dreamed of.. But most of all, i wish y ... Thought about it? Heck, dreamed about it! :D JK Lol "I dreamed I was a sperm looking for condo's in Keri Hilson's womb". I day dreamed y/day on way home of of laying in a green grassy field naked, hot day, small pond to swim in - beautiful setting WELCOME 2 MY NEW FOLLOWER AZARCHITECTS! 'YA KNOW I TOOK DRAFTING IN 7TH GRADE B/4 CAD DESIGN WAS DREAMED OF!! ;-) Despite the apparent superficiality of his life Proust, dreamed of being a writer and was always gathering material for his great novel I dreamed about an Aurora Borealis 2 nights ago, it means I know what I need to do but I'm too lazy, or too afrais to jump into action... Last night I dreamed about the X-Men. There was even a new member of the Brotherhood, he was like Gluttony from Fullmetal Alchemist. Listening to: Sonic Youth - I Dreamed I Dream I just remembered I dreamed of ordering kebab. I got a chance to see it and smell it, but woke up just before I could taste it :( I dreamed it clear as day. He told me himself...quite dramatically. He just wanted to sleep. That's it. =( dreamed i lived in a room big enough to also be a studio - one wall was all windows. was awesome but the neighbours kept trying to shoot me. I dreamed last night that you and I ate frozen banana and Cool Whip sandwiches with pecans. I sleep-gagged. It was weird. I dreamed I saw Jesus on the sidewalk of Sodom burning sage he told me, "L.A. you're my rose forgive me as... I dreamed last night that someone saw me eating alone and thought I was "perfect" to cast for their TV project. But Nathan kept walking. i can only hope and strive for our relationship to be everything i ever dreamed of U have powers u never dreamed of. U R capable of doing things u never thought possible. There r no limitations on what u can do. dah. I was kind of sleeping when I dreamed it :p How To Have A Celebrity-Style Wedding Reception On A Cheap Budget: Have you always dreamed of an elaborate wedd..
The Grown Man Collective is and photography/videography/graphic design endeavor that I help w/ on occassion. Nice one! I shall endeavor to one-up you during my mtg. ;) busy day! but HIRING! Are you interested in a new, exciting IT endeavor? Inquire within or check out our website The way to gain a good reputation, is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear. - Socrates Take the leap of faith that's necessary in any endeavor,& together we'll turn this into success. I know, I like music and get this endeavor" but confess it was lost on me. Porn surfing rampant at U.S. science foundation - (via (but it's a humanitarian endeavor!!!!) Graduation is a pricey endeavor :S i need to go grocery shopping soon. a man can't live on trail mix forever. though i could try it if someone will sponsor my endeavor. her assistant, she endeavor to get me in on 317 which is a known drug area. I have already seen the area with Nooshin. I DON'T wishing u luck on this new endeavor guys! Politicians: if you waste your own money on such a pointless endeavor, what will you do with my tax $$s? Watch Spray Foam Withstand 12,700 mph on the Space Shuttle Endeavor: LOL A rival to [my] historical facial hair endeavor: of I like the name and tagline for your publishing endeavor. Good stuff. And good vision. Plotting out a content requirements document for a new content strategy endeavor. My attempt to formalize the early stages of the process. Tarun Khanna, Harvard Business School at Endeavor Summit on The Evolution of Entrepreneurship in China Learn how anyone can make a with this new endeavor... ............. Join me and take the leap of faith that's necessary in this endeavor. UPDATE: We have been charged to develop a new show for What an exciting endeavor! Tarun Khanna, Harvard Business School at Endeavor Summit on The Evolution of Entrepreneurship in China So I just had an idea. If we record our games do we make that a of No Dice? Keep 4BC but add one for your new endeavor? gulp. why does this type of business endeavor always scare the S#!% out of me? whew...i did it right, i did it right, i did it right... 160 -that was rather fun - must endeavor to see that last 90 movies. - ............. Join me and take the leap of faith that's necessary in this endeavor. I suppose asking if anyone has a spare invite they want to send my way is a completely futile endeavor...but it sounds so cool. Now I must go and attend to everyday survival matters. I endeavor to plant a "Love Seed" in whomever I come into contact with. See u later. Anyone (like me) who likes to argue for poker as a legitimate endeavor is not helped by the nitwits that keep getting cast on reality shows. today is the dawning of My latest adventure, becoming healer full time by teaching G-spot massage as a full time endeavor...so cool! :( alas no -- but I shall endeavor to move on Heathcare transparency. Is tweeting a "let the teller beware" endeavor? WellnessWebGirl A very endeavor to help those children in Peru! morning missy! when are you free next? must do lunch/drinks/dinner with you! have to let u in on new endeavor! if you could transform and roll out, it would render this endeavor useless. Just sayin' WellnessWebGirl A very endeavor to help those children in Peru! got my bday/halloween costume. i was gonna do the whole day of the dead thing but it was going to be a major endeavor so now im pocahontas Just turned down an audition for a Scores commercial..not the path I want to endeavor.. Learn how anyone can make a with this new endeavor... Your endeavor? Looks good. Rethinking my latest tattoo endeavor. Need some ideas! I think I'm addicted :S if i cant tweet out my aggression n heavy traffic i'll have to to roadrage. if u see an eggshell Mitsubishi Endeavor, dont fuk wit it Take the leap of faith that's necessary in any endeavor,& together we'll turn this into success. Issue 12 of the Z-Man Games newsletter is up! Games covered include Endeavor, Pocket Battles, Skyline 3000, & Megacorps A very endeavor to help those children in Peru! GM's loss will be someone else's gain. Best of luck to in his next endeavor. GM's loss will be someone else's gain. Best of luck to in his next endeavor. Next endeavor- increase the level of tie dye in my wardrobe.
Kitchenettes come in handy when traveling kosher ...just booked our tickets from Seattle to San Jose on Friday November 27. We'll be traveling down to good ol' Cali on Black Friday. Traveling with fam...not fun! Tears, left cell phone, trapped in elevator, bags & one sister almost didn't make flight, 2 cabs, WHEW! blessed... Sorry been traveling : ( phone on and off Traveling to the U.S. Embassy in Kiev. I heard that's where Arnold learned how to drive. Salina Volunteer Headed to Help Samoa Tsunami Victims: A local volunteer is traveling halfway around the world .. What is your biggest stumbling block/frustration in sticking to your fitness plan while "on the road" speaking/traveling? Pls Jaden Hair from shares her thoughts on cooking, traveling and blogging in the latest from our Food... My traveling since I was 16 The White Tie Affair Announce "The Traveling Talent Show" Contest | - For the love ... All of you traveling to today! Stay safe! :) yes yes yes....! I'm good!! is you traveling?! Is you Carmen San Diego?!! lol he must be reeeaally desperate if thas y he traveling 5hrs when 3 or more ppl R traveling a NARROW path & the 1 in front happens 2fall in2 a ditch, its a less (cont) THERE'S A CUMBIA KINGS SONG IN SISTERHOOD OF THE TRAVELING PANTS!! HAHAHAHAHAHA! Backpacking: Backpacking has always been a dream of mine. Traveling in general is one of my favorite things to .. No use in dwelling: Traveling wears on them, but Jacks focused on ... traveling behind a glass truck, sheets of glass shatter, littering the highway. never seen that before. someone wont b getting windows 2day across the universe, sisterhood of the traveling pants, then harry potter & the order of the phoenix.... could this be a better day? Is really excited to be traveling up to flagstaff tonight, to see his beautiful girl! Oh..and his girlfriend's best friend. I guess. :-) lmao, i just want to see you on Oprah, Des, telling her how CC told ty for traveling so far...so write in girl when you said you were on your way to LA, did you mean your traveling to LA?please reply :) One of the girls were traveling with is wet blanketing me out. Why you gotta waist my flavor? I do! This may be difficult, though, since I live very far away and will be traveling even that weekend. Living or traveling to Colorado Springs? Get local discounts to the best retailers in the area. that's great!!! im hoping to do some traveling this summer.. where'd u go? misguided ghosts, traveling endlessly, the ones we trusted the most, pushed us far away... 3:07 PM, US-70 W,NC 42: Traffic is traveling at 30 MPH at: US 70 BUS W; MM 93.3; NC 42 On the road traveling from the Sthwest MS CC fair and got me som old school bubblicious, Good stuff good bubbles So wonderful! Congrats! Check out Traveling Mama here: Kaskade - I Remember. great fuckin tune. gotta see Kaskade live. and yea, im traveling for work again:p Pretty sure this Genius playlist initially seeded with the Traveling WIlburys' "Handle With Care" is the best playlist ever made. 3:01 PM, US-70 W,NC 42: Traffic is traveling at 30 MPH at: US 70 BUS W; MM 93.3; NC 42 For sure he does seem like a big kid.. Lol so where u at now ur always some where traveling.. Ha Traveling - Citrix Chalfont office in UK. End of day, looking forward to a nice British pint! <- nice beer at The Greyhound! i think that implies traveling circus. Traveling through Missouri, such a boring place. I forgot outside St Louis and KC there is nothin Hey Girl Whatzup? I'm Great! - Are you traveling I hear some talk about JetBlu Join Escape to Shape on an exclusive food, fitness, and traveling spa journey to Marrakech, Morocco Seu leaves Atl heading on I-75 traveling at 52mph. Jane leaves ATL 2 hrs later traveling in the same dir No use in dwelling: Traveling wears on them, but Jacks focused on ...: The distance isn't a problem, but th.. If you are traveling somewhere in the next few months you must look at this --------> Come on Morgan and sing with me...."If I leave to-mor-row. Would you still remember me. For I must be traveling on now..." LOL Some of my thoughts about using the internet to keep in touch while traveling: People keep telling me that I look frazzled because I am...traveling almost every weekend for last 2.5 months... :) I highly recommend "Traveling with Pomegranates," a wonderful story if you care about relationships and creativity: EARN $$$ Marketing Luxury Memberships: No timeshares. No experience necessary. Traveling for Dummies, Traveling in the Prepare before you dare at:
Absolutely.. I'd love to see a variety... I've had a few singers who inquired no still no product... Absolutely.. I'd love to see a variety... I've had a few who singers inquired no still no product... yojanuary I just inquired at Carsonified. Apparently, they are only looking for talented people. Oh well. night twitterverse. When the doctor inquired about my caffeine intake, she replied my answer with, "oh dear god." LMAO. When the doctor inquired about my caffeine intake, she replied my answer with, "oh dear god." When the doctor inquired about my caffeine intake, she replied my answer with, "oh dear god." Just inquired and Molly Maids will deep clean 2 rooms of your choice with a routine cleaning... base boards, walls, etc. Sign me up! Inquired about JJs cust appreciation day. Dude answered in typical JJ monotone "line's wrapped around the skyway 2x, but goin' freaky fast" for those who inquired- the Man's League trade was with Rivers, not Sanchez. for Jones. For those that have inquired or haven't seen this yet: JCVI Cloud Bio-Linux Yup, she also inquired about the status of everyone in our block this Monday. Very motherly. And sino si Domeng? Thanks Nate, I didn't ask u to get involved, you inquired what was going on. Thought this convo was off line. and in all the borders thereof, from two years old and under, according to the time which he had diligently inquired of the wise men. ... to which Letterman inquired, "Have you ever ridden hockey players before?" so blessed that some one cares... funny it's the people who never met me that cared, few people in my life noticed or inquired. Thanks to all who inquired about my health. Just a nice little virus. Had me down for a couple days, but back to work today. just sent over 20 emails to people that inquired about albums. Let's hope some of them bite! don't know yet. I've inquired but doiubt that it'll be in Calif. Hung out at Galveston Harbor today. Inquired bout a job driving forklifts. The foremans name? LAN DI! weird. was that after she pulled out a few dozen coupons? Or after she inquired upon if she could multiple on the same item? I just inquired about getting another laptop for robotics to make it easier on me. It would let me do some cool stuff for the videos. would have rather worked directly with you guys, but when I inquired, the response was that no, it wasn't a priority. Never have actually inquired as to what you do (pre-retirement)? // Me neither (probably should have) Never have actually inquired as to what you do (pre-retirement)? I just hit up everyone who was following me and inquired about the graphic design work for the commercial on their DM. May the best 1 win. someone on FB just inquired about my Corset Rings. I've got the warm & fuzzies. A BB correspondent A 1L inquired this morning as to the location of the restroom. It's September 30th, where have you been peeing?! Some one just inquired on a from their Blackberry.... I wonder, what did they use to find us... HE INQUIRED ABOUT U EARLIER! YAY NATE....I LUV BOTH U GUYZ...LOL Ha well, I inquired. Like twice. Cuz, okay, I don't get it, it's like perfectly NOT THERE, like he's had laser removal or something. just inquired about a management internship.. hope they dont expect me to know abt lol.. i should probably brushing up Oh, you mean that time I inquired into the name's origin and received no answer? And when Andy tried to buy an orange slice? .. Decided to go Sky diving. Inquired as to why I needed to wear a Jock strap. Was told it cuts down on the Whistling. for those that inquired, no im not going :( Decided to go Sky diving. Inquired as to why I needed to wear a Jock strap. Was told it cuts down on the Whistling............... just sent a batch of design photos to the lovely magazine, who inquired for them recently. excited to see what comes of this! Amy Bennett: I inquired about purchasing an original..uh yeah, I make about a million dollars too little, tears. No need to be churlish with me, madame. I merely inquired. You are most and ill-mannered when SHE is mentioned. Decided to go Sky diving. Inquired as to why I needed to wear a Joke strap. Was told it cuts down on the Whistling............... True chemistry stories: A student inquired today if ethanol's flammability made it suitable for use in "Mazel Tov" Cocktails. My friend took a moment to rant when I inquired about her dinner out with some of our married friends... We are in France Italy BUT I think the only way to get it in Spain is by courier. But I have just inquired.... Thanks. Yeah, just inquired in our building. P25k 1 bedroom fully furnished for 2 months. you inquired about me tweeting from the third world, so here it is- WASSUP!!!!!!!! lol for those that inquired about debt settlement vs debt management hit up & referenced a GNLD protein meal replacement shake that many have inquired about.. for more info go to Excited that someone inquired about a wedding a dahlias in Sept of next year. went to tmobile and inquired about getting a new phone and u kno u aint eligible for a upgrade, window shoppin a** our staff went to SSS yesterday and inquired about calamity loan. Sabi ng napagtanungan niya ay sa oct pa daw i release ang guidelines, .
Ive just been invited to speak on a radio show! Now that is different. I dont know how folks will see my photos... but im honored. Is there anything more rewarding than having your adult child ask you for advice? I'm honored. And I'm off to see him. I made it Today's Picks. My shows are being featured more and more.. I'm so honored! :) I'm absolutely honored to be heading up a discussion tomorrow at on Social Media and biz! Still some tix left! JAA honored for hiring those with disabilities Am truly honored to be of a blog post by Sarah Houghton-Jan on her great looking site "..When you give to the needy, do not announce it with trumpets, as the hypocrites do in the streets to be honored by men.." Matt 6:2 JAA honored for hiring those with dissabilities Seven developers to be honored for projects. Looking forward 2 the WaveMaker Awards Attorney honored for health care work - Retweeting Seven developers to be honored for Baltimore projects. Just received e-mail from Sam Leach saying he liked his new chapters in Shivering Inside. Thanks so much, Sam! I'm honored. honored to speak in "big church" for the first time this Sunday - God first! I'm honored to be of "Retweets from Ruth" day. you are aiding you should feel honored. Now get over it Honored @ City Hall today for Disability Employment Awareness Month-Way to go Michael! WCTV tonight! Respect to Brett - a true balletomane! Wish I could join him! yay! i'm honored you're coming :) don't think so. Maybe during game and definitely an honored number in future thank you for your prayers: I'm honored u would pray for my granny! Iraq vet and family get free week on LBI of high-schooler. Sgt. Joe McWilliams being honored at Chowderfest. More at yay! i'm honored you're coming :) I am completely honored. Keep up the good work! Should I be honored to join the ACS? They must be getting desperate to invite librarians to the i am honored that you think my twitter brake noises are the best. wait till you hear my horn honk Hello Marianne! What a sweet, sweet tweet about and I... I guess it takes one to know one! Honored to "meet" you! if u read my tweet, i'd be really happy.if you view my page, i'd be honored, if you follow me, my dreams would come true :) News: Local businesses honored for diversity, family-friendly practices Local businesses honored for diversity, family-friendly practices - Evansville Courier-Press: Area businesses w.. This will be your first real shoot??? My goodness I'm honored :) I will see you on Sunday, my dear! Looking forward to being a bridesmaid for the first time ever! Very excited and honored. Thank you for showing my "lupus rings" on your website! I'm so honored!! :0) barbarajwalters we would be honored if you checked out we are a young company and would be grateful for any feedback 10/1/1977 Elton John became the first rock & roller to be honored in New York City's Madison Square Garden Hall of Fame. "We were honored with the award... Sustainability is at the core of our mission...Congratulations to all of YOU for... Really? Well I'm glad to hear that, and I'm honored that you would use that. Thank you. Also, you only need 7 more! Nice! Pearl Jam And Incubus To Be Honored At Charity Gala Not worried, I have my car already and its warranty has to be honored by GM oltsbuzztap Colts Chatter >> Manning Honored for Performance Last night, we were honored with an award for Sustainable Contra Costa. It was a remarkable event, with... dameelizabethwe would be honored if you checked out we are a young company and would be grateful for any feedback oh be honored! cause i want reviews before i release it Wow, I feel honored. 8P Colts Chatter >> Manning Honored for Performance Congratulations Mr. Richard! Awarded Microsoft MVP award for straight year for I'm quite honored! George Tiller Receives PPFA Award: George Tiller, MD was honored posthumously by the International Federation o..
What Is Food Stamps? When everybody check's their food stamp cards...lol "oh hey, mercedes, your check's been sitting in the safe for a while, i kept forgetting to give it to you." - one of my managers Just waiting for my rental to pick me up, I have to cash my check's. I have to buy 17 new outfits. Late. I hate that! Check's are for rent! That's it! Domestic Draft & Can Beer $1.50, Domestic Bottles $2. 2:00 PM-6:00 PM at Check's Cafe. if Law maker's are so willing to give illegel Alien's free HC,maybe it should come out of their pay check's?. check's in the mail It's the 1st of the montthhh,cash your check's & come onnnnn,wake up wake up wake up...How can we sleep when there's money 2 get? HURRY CHECK VOTE FOR Good night...your check's in the mail... As soon as Food Network pays me! They said my check's in the mail! has never seen Dunston Check's In. I am fuggin upset right now. I have let him down as a friend! Want to provide 100-Mbit/s bb service to every U.S. house? No problem: Just be ready to write a $350 billion check.s 9/30/2009 5:28:06 PM: PEDESTRIAN CHECK-S EUCLID ST // RD, LR 9/30/2009 4:25:40 PM: PEDESTRIAN CHECK-S BEACH BLVD // BALL RD, AN 2 minutes and an iphone and my check's been deposited... I love USAA's mobile app. Workday over. Headed back to to take care of the remaining fine, then to pay this check's bills, then some chipotle! I can now speak fluent italian :) *check's off list* ah,accomplishments feel great. I'm going to tweet my way to the WhiteHouse. Anyone want to donate.DM me I will take check's. t ain't hard to tell.. I xcell then prevail, the mic is contacted I attract clientele.. my Mic check s life or death, breathin sniprs breath Actually feel darn happy with my job afta' gettin' out tonite. Now, if i can only save-up them weekly check's! :X Sen Baucus: check's in the mail. Signed, Health Insurance Fatcats. thank you! (check's in the mail) Check's in the mail! Lol Got ma pilllz.The doctor didnt even believe that they were for me apparently they are really strong.He even called the hospital to check :s Just damn did! Listenin now!! U City! "Check"'s my shit! Go Murph...the I'm Free Intro said it all! Shits Hot! Phone ordered over the telephone!!! Just waiting credit check :S ! Hope will be ok!!! Phone & free gift will then be sent !! whoop whoop I'm going to tweet my way to the WhiteHouse. Anyone want to donate.DM me I will take check's. Check's in the mail. I added an extra 10% for a finder's fee. Thanks! RH Reality Check's a lot more eloquent though! Ever think that maybe one of your students took off with one or both? You might want to tell your bank those check are missing check's n da mail & r evangelists of how trad. media can/should evolve. Updates/interaction, not teases. California's biggest problem are all the wasted pay check's they give to the tree hugging ass kissing state workers who cant see whats wrong Not sure what this is, exactly, but I like anything that ranks me above AND Check's in the mail. "Harold Check's Facebook Notifications". Yeah, why the heck would I subscribe to this recommended feed? "Don't let the sun catch you crying.." Ooh, the check's here! I'm going to tweet my way to the WhiteHouse. Anyone want to donate.DM me I will take check's. rocawear jeans, check, s dot check, fitted cocked to the side, check rocawear jeans, check, s dot check, fitted cocked to the side, check thank you :) are you gonna come to the Flickr meetup next Sunday? Check s-o-s group for details. Thanks to all who asked and I was tweeting from my phone so I wasn't able to check :( FYI Red Cross Pasig is along Shaw Blvd. Weekly CHECK, Month end CHECK, S.O.P....CHE...WAIT...SIGH...NOT CHECK. Check's in the mail, my friend! Love iPhone but spell check's a bit over ambitious. Tried to type 'writing' but iPhone changed it into the Norwegian word for 'shitfaced' :/ lol these chicks.....but hey, a check's a check, right?! Lol I'm going to tweet my way to the WhiteHouse. Anyone want to donate.DM me I will take check's.
I dnt kno what's funnier the old navy talkn maniquen's or tracy morgan as def jam pioneer for hip hop honors commercial lmao is on my way to pick Maggie up from Honors Chorus... McWilliams|Ballard Sales Agents Take Top Honors at GALA Awards Manning, Odom, Prater capture AFC monthly honors Tune-in to VH1 Hip Hop Honors Honoring the 25th Anniversary of Def Jam Records! Tuesday October 13th at 9pm ET/PT Didn't make honors chorus. Very tired. Night. sooo much hw! chem. honors is sooo hard!!! ... Flash: Academic honors for Hopkins, MN Valley Lutheran - Minneapolis Star Tribune ok so now you should follow me back. Ive done the honors. Manning, Odom, Prater capture AFC monthly honors Lean Enterprise Institute Honors the Work of Two Lean Accounting Professors: CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Two acco native american named teams shud stay the same! the names dont downgrade the native indains if anything it honors them! Steve aims for bluegrass honors - Comedian and banjo picker Steve is competing for an honor at the 20... Ms boone is a savior! She helped me salvage what was left of my national honors society application. Missouri Political News Service: Picture of the Day: Rep. Luetkemeyer Honors World War II Women Pilots: Hat tip.. 3p-7 Matt Shearer w/new tunes by THE SOUNDS, THE HONORS, MUSE, RX BANDITS, THE ACADEMY IS... more! Richardson Farm has world's largest corn maze; 28 acres, 11 miles of trails. Design honors Abe Lincoln. Where are YOU going to be from 4-8pm? You should come to SCHOONERS! 10% of all food proceeds go to Lambda Pi Eta, Comm Honors Society! :oD Hailing heroes: Community honors Jaylyn, Woody just learned about the in my honors thesis seminar! soo awesome! looking forward to using their site in my research! haha no my class is easy as hell. And its honors. Its just we do nothing productive. Lol we just sit and read. Dhoni and Gambhir win honors at the ICC awards. If only series victories were based on awards... :) Haz biology1 honors 2nd period. Its fun. :p Quad Bash TODAY for all Honors students and Quad residents. 4-6 p.m. Fun & Food! Free! Manning, Odom, Prater capture AFC monthly honors - Seattle Post Intelligencer Steve competes for top bluegrass honors Steve competes for top bluegrass honors Steve competes for top bluegrass honors Kanuch named semifinalist for the Campbell Trophy, formerly known as the Draddy Trophy. Honors best student-athlete. Mark Twain ~ It is better to deserve honors and not have them than to have them and not deserve them. I was a little dissapointed with my diploma. Despite graudating with honors I didn't even merit a real signature... 35k? I swear daniel faraday is my religion professor. Now I see a perfect sayid in my honors perspective. Has Lost found me? Steve Vies For Bluegrass Honors - Steve competes for top bluegrass honors: The Associated Press Comedian Steve said it'll feel .. HONORS: Vocab 2 Test on Friday. Read TAO OF POOH through p. 113 for Monday. Absent Thurs? Check out slideshows on Media for Students. is dreading honors today. What am I talking about I dread honors everyday! Honors physio - easiest honors class ive evaaa taken . Doing bio honors homework <("_")> America honors Communist China? UNREAL. Ofcourse DUMBAMA will deny having any knowledge of this. as long as im gettin an education p.s. i check my webmail & i got an honors college interview next wk <--POW! Attorney general, education secretary to visit Chicago to discuss honors student beating
"Sterile"? Hmmm, I like Ax's recording. Not the ne plus ultra, but should not be dismissed either, esp w/Ormandy & the PhillyO. Ax's AR treasure box spilt in her bag. She went to take a puff of her asthma meds this morning and got a throat full o glitter. Hinky: I could kick XOR AX,AX's ass if I wasn't speccin'. Mystery phrase is M-JOR AX-S. Clue: the longest ? of an ellipse or ellipsoid; passes through the two foci. Mystery phrase is --JOR AX-S. Clue: the longest ? of an ellipse or ellipsoid; passes through the two foci. Mystery phrase is ---O- AX-S. Clue: the longest ? of an ellipse or ellipsoid; passes through the two foci. ON D green AX's roll your balls out, or some bubba lol get at me Have you listened to Emmanuel Ax's two discs of Haydn sonatas? A good contrast to Hamelin.
Thursdays homemade soup is Mulligatawny Auckland was about 8C last night. That's Mulligatawny season in my book. Mulligatawny, Rasam Waterston Mulligatawny Kitaen Mulligatawny Phil Definitely a one-item twitter meme. resisting the urge to tweet "richard mulligatawny" in the direction of jonathan coulton. so far so good. not perfect. Mulligatawny Kitaen Joke of Also, probably a one-item twitter meme. a mulligatawny is fine for my zoo and so is a cheifton I'll bring one back too dr seuss FTW jonathancoulton Mulligatawny Kitaen Joke of Also, probably a one-item twitter meme. Mulligatawny Kitaen Joke of Also, probably a one-item twitter meme. I would love to share my Mulligatawny recipe with you. DM me your email. Would you care to share your Mulligatawny recipe with me? I've been looking for a good one for years. Finally got around to trying Mulligatawny recipe from big hit with the family Finally got around to trying Mulligatawny recipe from bit hit with the family Mulligatawny soup the next day is delish! thanks for commenting today! [Mulligatawny Soup Recipe (So delicious!) Thank you kindly for the - NEW on ABCD Design: Mulligatawny Soup Recipe NEW on ABCD Design: Mulligatawny Soup Recipe Thank you for the sweet -!- NEW on ABCD Design: Mulligatawny Soup Recipe NEW on ABCD Design: Mulligatawny Soup Recipe NEW on ABCD Design: Mulligatawny Soup Recipe Wednesday- Our delicious homemade soup today is Mulligatawny, the perfect soup to warm you up on a day like today! Oh Mulligatawny soup, how I love thee.... Wednesday - Our soup is Mulligatawny & our simple soup of the day is Potato & Leek, two thoroghly delicious options we think!! homemade Mulligatawny Soup, film "Heist", and a card-throwing lesson. You should all know how awesome this is. It is awesome. Hey Aviva, we made your mulligatawny stew tonight w/cauliflower poppers! Awesome! Had acorn squash also, baked in OJ & ginger. - <GASP!> I'm so freakin addicted to mulligatawny soup! Squeezing limes and ginger for a penicillin (a spicy whiskey sour) while the mulligatawny reduces. A relaxing way to end a busy day :) the colder it gets, the warmer our soups get! Mulligatawny, Chicken Noodle, Butternut Squash, Cutting Board in, warm up.... Chicken mulligatawny soup is baboyyyy Making mulligatawny. Every time my dog wanders into the kitchen, I want to tell him, "No soup for you!" Been for a run, now for a bowl of Mulligatawny soup! Oh Esther... your soups could make a grown girl cry! You are truly the Queen of Soups. Mulligatawny awesomeness. Today's soups---Mulligatawny and Apple Cheddar!!!!!!! Soups of the Day: Tuscan White Bean, Mulligatawny, Carrot Ginger Beautiful rainy Sunday, time to plan D&D, eat Mulligatawny, and chill out. :D My mulligatawny is also We're having it with a new banana/corn muffin recipe. Oooh, you got me thinking. Now I want mulligatawny. Here's a recipe I googled. What's yours? Mulligatawny. Sweet banana polenta muffins. Plumber addressing pin hole leak in boiler overflow tank (found by inspector). Ah. Life is good. Lorelei from the Blue Camel Cafe just gave me a TON of leftover Mulligatawny. If I fall up while skateboard home with it, it's gonna be ugly Mulligatawny with extra crushed chilli's lubbly Nak earl grey juga. If not, mulligatawny soup would do. LOL!
Obambi Is Lured In2 A Trap By Putschist Regime. That Disqualifies Him As World Leader 4 CHANGE He Promised 2B Sorry. not sure a woman would see the invite to dinner as 'being lured' - just not having to cook for a change I have been lured with pizza, wine, and a beautiful woman. I go willingly, eagerly even, to my fate. I could be lured to bing... Not sure why yet welcome to FP! How exciting! I'm the one who lured Bexxen there. XD "HOT NOW" DA BLINKING SIGN JUS LURED ME N! he lured a 13 y/o girl into his home w/the promise of an acting job, drugged her & then raped & sodomized her. how can people defend that? See how the deal went down when Atlanta lured the College Football Hall of Fame away from South. *DEAD* @ "lured"...did you need that much encouragement?? Two naughty cats lured in with food and now being punished with cuddles ... Come home rudi Man th publix deli lady lured me into buyin a hotdog w the promise of fruit juice but all she had was soda! Cream soda= weakness Why Sangria? Because it's cheap and loaded with booze. Why the women's washroom. Hmmm ... maybe I was lured there. Can't remember. has been ve-e-r-y reluctantly lured out to dinner. You have no idea how privileged you are Roddy Campbell. Chase is a front for pedophiles, saw a representative passin out candy AND banking pamphlets, what grown man is lured to banks with candy? .@agstemen I hadn't heard about it! Hopefully it'll end up on Hulu. I can't be lured back to normal TV, I've been clean for months.. I hate to see people lured into and caught up in spin. Heroes has off with a bang. Lured my husband back-he was on verge of giving up on the show. I'm luvin it! you right son but how you going to avoid all that living in fucked up ass places? kids bound to get lured into some shit.. got lured into a BATTLE w/ by dis nigga over We taped it so yal can see! thank for the poor people unlucky enough to be lured into helping me :) I think I'm about to be lured in by - give me a reason to stay... lured to bermondsey at some ungodly hour, made to do a paper review and didnt even get breakfast!!! I got lured into a BATTLE w/ by this nigga over We taped it so yall can see what happend! I got lured into a BATTLE with by this nigga We taped it so yall can see what happend!! If u aint herd. I got lured into a BATTLE with by this nigga We taped it so yall can see what happend!! I am with you. I often am lured into often. DM me if you need. on Pick up coming up. Looks like I will meet one in person. Will I be lured in by his magic? Stay tuned. Another one - Broker Charged In Massive Ponzi Scheme lured hundreds of elderly investors into a $250 million Ponzi scheme ... Oh dear. I just entered one of those pesky thought vacuums. My faulty auto-pilot took over and lured me down some unidentified side-street.. Very well, thank you. Exciting supermarket shopping beckons... Youngest anxious to go, lured by promise of sweets. And you? O, no! Liz has been lured into twitter too...! ;-) They lured me into becoming a Pack of lies! I never saw a single book. The lured me into becoming a Pack of lies! I never saw a single book. you know they say no one can make you something you don't need :) so we let to be fooled lured by the minor difference I just got lured back to facebook with a friend request of my very first love. I was 9 she was 7 I believe. Anyway long time ago... What lured Big B to the land of reality television? Indian ExpressWhat lured Big B to the land of reality television?Indian ExpressRajesh Kamat, COO of Colors Indi.. What lured Big B to the land of reality television? Down at Lulu's 5/5 on This place is pretty darn cool. In search of a theme dress, I was lured in by the... Are we winning or being lured into a trap?? Fog War. What lured Big B to the land of reality television? - Indian Express They r letting us think we r winning a few skirmishes on illegals but coming war is Amnesty. It is called a "fog war". R we winning or lured BeautifulBoysBlog Hot, tired hunks are lured in by a free massage... instead their tight asses.. Indian ExpressWhat lured Big B to the land of reality television?Indian ExpressRajesh Kamat, COO of Colors Indi.. Disgusted by Hollywood defending Polanski.He lured, drugged,and RAPED a 13 yr old. Not shocking pedophile Woody Allen runs to his defense. What lured Big B to the land of reality television?: Reality television is supposed to be the land of wannabes, not Big Accord to the Bible, Joseph was the first victim of human trafficking! Lured, sold, exploited. Do you agree? According to the Bible, Joseph was the first victim of human trafficking! Lured, sold and exploited. Do you agree? "Many newcomers (suckers) are lured by currency-trading systems, seminars and software sold online that promise big returns." Oh no, all the women are being lured to Ruby Rails I'd consider helping w Python anything for women
Don't freak out it'll creep back up. The PR wouldnt have reiterated good Phase 1/2 results and plus it's being published! $CXM Don't freak out... it'll creep back up. The PR wouldn't have reiterated good Phase 1/2 results and plus it's being published! Japanese Regulator Eases Position on Loans: On Thursday, he reiterated his softer stance after meeting with Kat.. Homer just reiterated the date of the Foundation Celebration - By the way Jim is doing a great job Both my kids have reiterated lately how they plan to live at home forever. Should be interesting. She also reiterated her desire to go goth as a teen. Her mom said "But goths don't smile..." Eva says "I'm going to be a smiling goth!" Bernanke: Recession Ending Technically, But Not Enough Jobs: ... Ben Bernanke reiterated Thursday that the rece.. Avengers Assemble Logo Reiterated: Yep, it's official. Marvel is going to milk the upcoming team up of super he.. Avengers Assemble Logo Reiterated: Yep, it's official. Marvel is going to milk the upcoming team up of super he.. Avengers Assemble Logo Reiterated: Yep, it's official. Marvel is going to milk the upcoming team up of super he.. DPRK&apos;s Will to Strive for Building Nuclear-free World Reiterated DPRK&apos;s Will to Strive for Building Nuclear-free World Reiterated Pat Boone just reiterated what I had said about Polanski and the Hollywood crowd him... Woody Allen.. Bake Saeed case fully: Chidambaram: NEW DELHI: Union Home Minister P. Chidambaram on Wednesday reiterated that .. Obama's convos with el baradei were 5 to 10 minutes. Also, WH reiterated that iranian foreign minister NOT meeting with anyone from admin I tweeted a ? to them, they sidestepped, I reiterated, you responded...so I responded to you that this did not answer my ? Key senator sees vote on financial reform delayed: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A key US senator reiterated on Wednes.. 1 voted. Would maybe help swing the vote if they reiterated that Corrales, with that great save, is not actually our keeper Watch the tape again. Whoopi REITERATED what she stated on Mon, ".. it was not rape..". n then proceeded to make a joke Moscow expects Tehran to cooperate with IAEA: Russia reiterated on Wednesday that it expected Iran to cooperate.. Economy technically in recovery: reiterated some of his previous recent statements about the.. is pleased Ed Balls reiterated that homophobic bullying was unacceptable in schools. maya angelou said that...nice that you reiterated the point, very true is pleased Ed Balls reiterated that homophobic bullying was unacceptable in schools. is pleased Ed Balls reiterated that homophobic bullying was unacceptable in schools. Homebuilding plans reiterated at Labour conference: The government's plans to boost homebuildi.. is pleased Ed Balls reiterated that homophobic bullying was unacceptable in schools. .@jtanews Moderate Arab nations back initiative. Moderate Arab nations reiterated their for President is pleased reiterated that homophobic bullying in schools is not acceptable is pleased reiterated that homophobic bullying in schools is not acceptable MTN shareholders sceptical of deal with MTN has reiterated that the exclusivity talks would end on to, soooooo very badly. Reiterated his private time in the bathroom is HIS private time. NEWS Moderate Arab nations back Obama initiative: Moderate Arab nations reiterated their su.. Homebuilding plans reiterated at Labour conference: The government's plans to boost homebuilding in the UK have.. Eh, I didn't reason with him. I reiterated my case and left it alone. Life's too to argue with idiots on the Internet.
Do you have tumescence for your Tweets? "Nocturnal penile tumescence" is my new fav phrase. (Doing human sexuality reading in the library.)
Progress--Iran has offered to abandon its nukes in exchange for restoration of the Umayyad Caliphate and the death of all infidels. Defence ministers from the European Caliphate "reluctant" to reinforce Afghanistan OBL: secular gov'ts, install Caliphate, institute Sharia law & force world 2 submit 2 Islamic creed Cocktails and the caliphate .@getreligion Cocktails and the caliphate. Last week the man who would have been the 45th head of the continent-spanning Cocktails and the caliphate Cocktails and the caliphate w location of Dome of the Rock and it would not end until Israel is a Caliphate. The coming Balkan caliphate Ahmadi is his god's messenger to bring about the caliphate through world war & much calamities he will inspire in name of Islam If Iran wants a new Islamic Caliphate like I think they do, they will not co-operate with anyone on the nuclear issue. CNN Fox News The Sufferings of Imam Ali after the Prophet's demise: The assembly of the six men for the Caliphate The caliphate grows. Idea was to unite the wealthiest family with the caliphate family. But 60 yrs later, there is barely a trace of these families ROP 2 turn DC into giant caliphate mosque w/blessing of MSM Dems Libs Progressives. Compare coverage 2 ...Then they want the world--a global Khilafah [Caliphate] under Shari'a (Take a look at the quotes in my previous tweets). ...we're supposedly offending Allah by rejecting his "divine, perfect government", the Caliphate...
Obamas herd American youth into government-funded reeducation camps where they'll be brainwashed into thinking America is a racist that's not serious?I know hatch wants religious reeducation treatment for gays.that they want but not prenadial care Can I have a panel where I expound on the need for reeducation camps for people who stand on the left on escalators? 2010 Hardin detention center a functional FEMA camp, Evil from idea to implementation. $28MM w/ no contracts? There are those that have learned that it is easier to control a mob of uneducated then the educated: so reeducation camps are a justifi ... The store in Pioneer Square needs some "light ice" reeducation. srsly. Love the tag!!! Reeducation camps Watching the REBarCamp (All-star Games) Archives at Some of the best ReEducation out there you ROCK! thats what i downloaded on datpiff i think. so wait there is a reeducation AND ms hill or are they the same thing? Getting ready for my flight to Dallas.I need A reeducation on flying fundamentals.Am I going to encounter anything scary? Not sure I know what to do w/Polanski, but all the people defending him should be rounded up and sent to a good Vietnamese reeducation camp. I've got to tell you, I am surprised they haven't kicking in doors of conservatives and taking us off for reeducation. How was your day away from the government's reeducation center? AKA Reagan? lol & yes we know, algore is your prophet_so, I'm a denier eh? Guess its off to the reeducation camp so i can learn 2 praise obama lol, we'll have to sign him up for the reeducation camp, LOL. yer netbook is cute, tho! computer illiterate people should be ~forced~ to use mac >:O maybe with some reeducation camps.... :o wants kids to stay in state reeducation camps 3 hrs/day longer? not too surprising, got to instill The Man's beliefs. Germany goes Neokon - Neolibaralism failed and got pampered by german voters majority. Reeducation worked too good! Stop travelling Germany! :) You need a reeducation ;) New Video Post: Rise against - reeducation (animal abuses / warning graphic) ready to fall She's 86 years old and broke her femur... She was operated last week and will be in rest home during a month for reeducation. So I'm back after the hospital. My old friend (86 years old) is fine but lazy. Not good for the reeducation. No time for shopping. Mum will
HALLO!!! ^^" soi patrii dl cole bueno... i de theurope :P ya te stoi following XD asta manana! MY HOUSE IS FREEZING! Maybe Ill go in the livng room. broken ac till manana. :) Well, not :) but in my case YES! :P Sleep tonight...hmm probably not ha. Two History tests manana lameee :P excited for this weekend.....b.b. makes me happii<3......school manana :( well that's why you wud introduce yourself siLLy.. Well you get another chance manana.. :P hey - I left at 10 :( sorry Let me know if you do anything manana I feel like The Poo yu POoPed Out this mornin.. :( Baby Imma mish yu if I don't come out manana ! still limpin'...back to work manana :( doing practice problems. math quiz manana :( as much as i would love to do that i have escuela manana and can't :( oh but good news i'll text you it. :) lol why didn't u call me!!! I'm just now checkin my tweets... :-( we can go manana? i cant manana i have to be studyin for an exam :( you go coco you got it girl! :P lol im gunna taketh some notes right now so... study! & ill tweet you manana! <3 Your am practice & game manana me tiene :( Monday night sleepover was cancelled I wanted vino y cuddle time lol u pitch well manana! lol Going to sleeep, since I have NINE periods of school manana. :( nightynight. ily all, even if you don't know me. ;) indeed it issss mamas! Think ima wait and celebrate manana night tho too long of a day today I'm beat! :( hw was school? What a lazy ass monday!!! And my baby is getting sick :-( The day is almost over.... Manana sera otro dia! & i have a dentist appt. manana :( They ler us know real good :( manana with the madres!!! How sweet it will be to hear call it! Ugh, my New friend cant wrk w/me manana! :( Frkn hiring process!! im goin to sleep!! my bodys on E...AS in EMPTY :( nite twERps. got hell (wrk) manana -_- I go i early to work manana :( at least i saw My bros tonight : ) ... Ahhhhh i have to go to school manana :( goood weekend:) this week is gonna suck, i guess ill my studying manana! :( uugh tutoring manana :( ... manana monday :( BOO mondays! Being home and chilaxing is the best. Can't go wrong with football until I saw the Cowboys are playing manana. :( A super day wiff Kylee at Casa Manana for The Jungle Book. Now some playtime & a snack before it's time to take her home :( didn't get to go to church :( oh well I'll go manana ... in casa! uqh skewl manana & jojo not here' :( who wana walk to skewl wif meh and walk bak home.? i live in mill ...
I am heading a (Hyd) and I am looking to hire an e-commerce web developer (firm or freelance) Know any? The long weekend might give you ample time to do that :-P Interesting! Future of Encryption ? Rakhi may not be so bad after all :-P It is wet and cold. And it is the last of the year. And a long weekend is coming up :-) Yes. I like her. I'm broken! No hopes now :( 130 runs and 2 Oz wickets is what India needs :-| at work, trying to regain equanimity or adopt sangfroid. 130 runs and 2 Oz wickets is what India needs :-| Sour Grapes? 'whether you are a glam actress or a porn star, they call you a prostitute anyway' - shakeela i have developed a of allergy for chilled beer, lungs get all clogged up. hehe Yup. Adds to the chill already present in the air :-P beer in the affternnoon? The King Of Good Times. Burp. :-) Did you write to the website / club about it ? I am numbed. What about you What money really means to urban India - Really? Thoughts? as in, I don't give a running fuck who she is. What is her problem with you spending your money bro? What is it? What money really means to urban India - Really? Thoughts?(via lost me half way thru the Hu is she! What money really means to urban India - Really? Thoughts? but it is still a with Capital P ;) cheers! Life is a with a small T. Alas :-| Thank you shank you :D High Quality Tweet! :-D 2000th tweet!! yay! Awesome! :-P Hah! all done, I am going to rip the google reader for the next half an hour now :) Guess then you deserve a Dog's Day Out. At least, raise a toast tonight :-) In the same boat for over a month now! Its done. I am officially a subscriber of the Mint. Bye bye ET. Holds true not just for the degree mentioned here No incentive. I have little to offer. [Hardly ever shared links here, use gReader/FF for that] Jai Ho! If Dan Brown's new book had been as disrespectful about Hinduism as it is about Christianity we would have banned it most things in life :D Not traveled as much as you sire. But Changi definitely is a job well done and maintained! Like what :-) Surviving bro! Sup wid ya ... Got a drive ? You mean you never were ? Or were you then and not now ?Makes me wonder about my follow incentive :-) doodh!! How have you been man?? Being sangfroid when using sangfroid in a sentence is somewhat of an Practice, practice, practice! Since when did i become the source of good links? Injustice to the ones that follow you, I say :-P Holds true not just for the degree mentioned here What say ? Eagerly Awaited Marriage? Hey! ICU ... Hope all is well. Best wishes. *ahem* I did not handle that uber fail with sangfroid. Maybe? It feels weird to me... Hey! Was out of town for the weekend. All good. Wots up wid ya ? Rocking and Rolling to the day ... eh? Good going!! :-) Feels good to be back on twitter :-P How you doing tweeps ? :-) The missing 't' - (via that's coz I left. The missing 't' -
of Sonoma where are you? I'm in sonoma square at the park. :)
Chipotle for lunch! Getting chips and guac for me and our trusty 'tern, Lindsay from Canada asked Megan what her MIT essay animal was: caspian tern Re: Whiskered Tern, Ripiro Beach DO NOT TAKE A BOAT! The Kaipara bar is notorious, and there is no p.. Photo: Sandwich Tern One of my personal favorites. I love terns. Scratched: Wolver 1 (1) Spiders Tern N$130,000 for Damara Tern Conservation: N$130 000 is being spent by the Ministry of Environment and Tourism (ME.. that is one of the reasons I never abbreviate the tern social media. Msg me if you want to come to Shine for free on Saturday. U-Tern, Sam Demoe, DJ Mateo, Pat Lok 12AM pep talks from Manager to ex-tern: "Work through it. Caramel dots:plate, pie:oven, tuille:plate -Brutalities of Re: Whiskered Tern, Ripiro Beach Depends whether you have signed the Official Suppression Act Shane!.. My sweet granddaughter will tern 3 on Friday.She ask for Mee Pho Dry noodls as a gift :) Lucky the shipment has arrived on time yesterday.* BirdingNZ.net Whiskered Tern - Kaipara Head: Hello BIRDING-NZ, Shane McPherson has posted an impor.. Whiskered Tern, Ripiro Beach Just before we head out for work thisevening I'd better get this there are no pics on the site of Least Tern... they must have removed... My phone is lame, cant watch live feed with it and my wold has been tern upside down hope you has someting vary posative to say - My photo of Least Tern w/eggs from 2007 being used w/o permission at - My photo of Least Tern w/eggs from 2007 being used w/o permission at LIGHT BOUT 2 TERN GREEN..PUTT'N DOWN DA FONE.. If Rodney didn't perform this well, the Tigers wouldn't be where they are at.Not the issue. Issue is does he get long tern deal. I manage to tern 2 messy boxes into 1 I'm at Tern Ln & Tern Way, Feather Sound, FL 33762, United States - Gull-billed Tern, Whiskered Tern, Pied Oystercatcher at Chittaway Point & Chittaway Bay by Luca.. New Post on GeoCity`s Blog. You can find it here The mid-tern test is coming. New Listing 3.0BR/2.0BA 3619 Royal Tern Cir FL 33436 $479000 like a flock of seabirds drinking a case of shipwrecked rum, no tern left unstoned..<<"Ah, Jeez" J. L. Seagull, 1974 yeah it really is plus no 1 has had em 4 over like 8yrs so who knows what the long tern side effects r. I can spot em... Physical yesterday-and like a flock of seabirds drinking a case of shipwrecked rum, no tern left unstoned-All is well, Exercise, here I come Won't tern back. "You tern if you won't to this man is for turning' Brown 09 priscelia chan alan tern = awesome couple ;D Banded Lapwing, Sanderling, Common Tern & Whiskered Tern at Picnic Point, The Entrance and Soldiers Pt & Pelica.. - U-Tern: Someone just searched for ' Black Tern ', here are the top tweeters: Tern Holy fawk, i jus study a whole bunch of medical tern for anatomy and medicine. Ugrr head Fairy Tern, Little Tern, Great Egret, Little Egret, Sea Eagle, Whistling Kite, Richards Pipit, White at Lake Ty.. "kick ass till both timberlands tern shitty" - red man ok,dis iz jst stoopid,Y r dey wastin my tyme....wid no House,on House?? U no hez cummin back,hurry it up a leetle,b4 i tern it off!!! I favorited a YouTube video -- PARODY: How To Tern On Your Computor! I cannot stand coward azz n*ggas. And when I call you a "n*gga" It's not a tern of endearment, IT'S AN INSULT. Over twenty boys... Did you know one and 3 terns are emo day. Today is tern emo awarness day, don't let you terb be like this. Teaching my phone link to IMIQUTAILAQ path of the arctic tern IMIQUTAILAQ - Path of the Arctic Tern : Two Inuit youth go to Antarctica to learn about climate change Imiqutailaq path of the arctic tern Teaching my phone the Url IMIQUTAILAQ - Path of the Arctic Tern - Wed, Sept 30, 7 pm - - 2 Inuit youth go to Antarctica change ok then i hope it tern happy Someone just searched for ' Saunderss Tern ', here are the top tweeters: hmm.. let me work on my spanish project.. then maybe my US history tern paper :D Woooo no school today :-) although wishing I remembered to tern my alarm off :-(
This dog is wierd. She is running in circles growling at her tail and keeps tripping herself because she misses and bites her own LEG! lmbo These ppl tripping. $500 for one headlight. I wish I could find the mofo who hit my shit. <-- only daylight driving for u!! Lol! unless it's the first day of school, you're tripping Just returned from tripping they gonna be tripping off of hats 2nite? I can only hope he'll be the lucky one in front of us. In the mean time, drew keeps tripping over it and stepping on it. My dog is stupid she keeps tripping herself Returned from tripping to Duffy's Gallery yea :S i think so...might kill myself by tripping up though the weather outside is frightful, but listening to makes me feel like im road-tripping through sunsets of florida.. My damn twitter tripping hard!!!! Won't let a nigga log in y0u tripping fam f0rreal lma0!! o yeah... damn,and I'm tripping over 1 haha im not spoiled i just happen to be insanely good at guilt tripping:D i guess i shouldnt mention that im getting paid for A's>:D how u like the phone besides it tripping occasionally Returned from tripping to Marsh's Electron Marcellus wiley is a funny dude. Him and michelle are tripping on nation right now. You know I got you sistah! Ppl tripping and tryin to do WAY too much! lol tell me about it. I am off work with swine flu and today feels like I am tripping and my eyes are about to explode Oh wow people are tripping don't try to punk me like I'm some stupid female Somebody tell me Im tripping! I need a second opinion! I love tripping up the stairs on the subway when theres 45 ppl behind me. ..in school hungry bout to get ready for practice..o yea miss my babe, but not tripping i get to c him sat.. ur tripping me out haha ur so much like me O_o wow this nigga at the bank is tripping who still wears 5XL white T's lol Road-tripping-billies back to the Lou after the best night of my entire life, 5 feet from Dave is all I'd ever dreamed of. Has NO problem tripping and leaving the people making fun of my warnings of the pending zombie outbreak when said outbreak occurs yayyyyyy..i jus got mad happpyyy 4 sum reason lolll ;-)... U set tripping cuzo lol wow this nigga at the bank is tripping who still years 5XL white T's lol you're light a slightly autistic child suffering from ADHD, tripping off acid... just already. "these tears fly upwards as the sky is falling, tripping and stumbling speaking words of sentimental..." Dude woahhh, im tripping out. In other news- met a friend from elementary school today. He was on crutches from tripping on the stairs in the chorus room. Running...No actually tripping backwards today. Not doing anything difficult or different but just can't seem to... Thing that is tripping me out. - Audio from a myspace is STILL playing minutes after I closed the browser tab. I'M TRYING TO MOVE ON!!! But but *sob* its Thursday its a tradition now PLEASE PLEASE am not guilt tripping AM BEGGING tripping out over experience of etherpad w/ - too much fun for a Thursday :) I ALWAYS BE TRIPPING EVERY TIME I GOT TO GET ON A PLANE BUT I KNOW GOD IS GONNA MAKE SURE WE MAKE IT THERE SAFE!! Great day! I almost let someone mess it up but its cool I'm not tripping Can we PLEASE have a Tripping Daisy reunion?? Polyphonic Spree in the house right,they tripping hard! Atleast u know when to stop playing crazy Now yal can't tell me I'm tripping I was hot as fuk. The weather keep trickin me Aye Real Talk...My Mother is TRIPPING...(Smh) u tripping lmao One week tripping around Tasmania tomorrow! I'm not tripping. I'm so over my dad being a bitch and guilt tripping me. Omg my math class is on a roll. the teacher is tripping. my classmates are tripping.what am evening ...
- PLZ! We must all work diligently 2 uncover EVERYTHING we can on ...we must not relent! PRAY 4 & his family! also, yes, I am currently teaching. w/e, my students are diligently working. BEST. TA. EVER. Well, I'm not sure if anything I said at I-MYU's seminar tonight made any sense, but one student was diligently taking notes... little Jaymun, praying diligently for you. Jesus be near to the Kaat family. Thank you. I am working diligently to be able to write for a living. Thank you for taking the time to respond. I appreciate it! I tried that ;^; but it said you didnt even have messenger yet Jim is working diligently in his office...tweeting on his twitter page...because his boss asked him to....and Jim does what his boss asks... The left attacking Palin at this point is like diligently itching an mosquito bite, meanwhile there's an anvil about to drop on your head. this is for yona: i worked very hard and diligently to get my permanent status. :) Diligently working on moving to our new help desk system provided by It is awesome and we can't wait to unveil it to everyone. is meticulously attending to his many distractions: & authorship done diligently in the solitude of this manor in this mountain-wood.. Studying Criminal Procedure diligently then Wilco and DJing @ Jake's with Shawn Tourage I'm here ;n; =n= @ diligently im righttt here ):< tell meh yer email needs a haley ;n; falling way behind on my yelp reviews - i see has been diligently reviewing stuff I'm working diligently on my P.U book <:) We at GCCWA are working diligently to get our website up and running. Stay tuned for early images of Columbia... video and blog post: Strategize and Diligently Implement Your Plan to Optimize Your Business Success google wave early adopter here. And I will diligently give out my invites. I hope their servers can handle all of this. working diligently on working diligently. Special Session called for October 13th, we are preparing diligently for the legislators' return. Please let us... regreted not studying diligently daily and falling asleep during lectures. so much to catch up now... =( got a new msn, if you had me before ask me for itttt good, diligently working lol. How r u... ...great erik....have fun and work diligently !! Okay. This afternoon i'm going to work very hard and diligently and get done all the very things that i have to do done. ...working diligently with Janet on our 3rd grade salon project... They have been, & still are, diligently screening at every of entry. Officially there has been only 1 "confirmed" case. Big formal Crit tomorrow, at the studio diligently carving, sanding, & sculpting on my project. Stop by if you're in the area! Working diligently to plan my 10 year high school reunion....because I'm a masochist.... Ta! I'm reviewing a document with sections written by someone else who's used the double spaces. I've been diligently taking them out Would like to know if anyone has any contacts with someone burdened and gifted to work with Hispanics? I have prayed diligently for help. God is a rewarder of those who diligently seek Him. Yesterday's failures are today's seeds That must be diligently planted to be able to abundantly harvest Tomorrow's success. - Unknown Got customer appreciation for handling that urgent issue two days back... diligently, efficiently etc :) office is so quiet.. everyone is working diligently.. can hear a pin drop! Who you will you too? The first five people I see on this list begging for one like I have been so diligently! and in all the borders thereof, from two years old and under, according to the time which he had diligently inquired of the wise men. Staring longingly at my bed but diligently working on thesis mess... totally missed was working diligently on updating my website, only about 1/3 of the way through.... "If you diligently heed My voice...I'll not put the diseases on u which I've brought on th Egyptians. For I Am th Lord who heals u." Ex15:26 we always try to archive.. and Fri may be the night to watch live anyway.. more later...we are working diligently on it diligently studying for a midterm in Old Testament class tomorrow ... trying to decide between a late night or an early morning! lol I'm working diligently at it! If only I could sit next to him again, lol. And I'm a Lakers fan (: I like Chicago though Thank U!!! I appreciate the snippet. I LUV Maxwell and u too Lady! I am diligently trying to win tix to ur SOLD OUT show ... Are we as focused on divesting as we are on investing? Read why we should be Divesting Diligently - listening to a constant loop of CATS & Once More With Feeling & of course working diligently i will have to do the rest at lunch tomorrow.
Play the Prosperity Game online, as devised by Abraham-Hicks. Play the Prosperity Game online, as devised by Abraham-Hicks. Play the Prosperity Game online, as devised by Abraham-Hicks. Global Warming devised by Democrats will destroy American Jobs big time Carve the Great Harry Potter Pumpkin: To mark this occasion, our Contest Crew has devised the Harry Potter Them.. Carve the Great Harry Potter Pumpkin: To mark this occasion, our Contest Crew has devised the Harry Potter Them.. It's hard to agree with any one set theorem of thought. I've devised my own. Devised a plan/schedule for a new Pressbound branding/website/promo piece. Strange to treat myself like a client. But worked so far! Carve the Great Harry Potter Pumpkin: To mark this occasion, our Contest Crew has devised the Harry Potter Them.. Carve the Great Harry Potter Pumpkin: To mark this occasion, our Contest Crew has devised the Harry Potter Themed Pu.. Carve the Great Harry Potter Pumpkin: To mark this occasion, our Contest Crew has devised the Harry Potter Them.. Quite agree. Do they believe that life is an imitation of & being devised & surreal means nothing about it is culpable? I keep getting distracted! Argh! I hope we get a warm day so I can wear the outfit I devised, with my many hair clips & all :) I met/saw someone I somehow knew. He devised some method for accurately and dramatically warping hardwood floors into wavy sculptures My PhD student on Gemini PIT: "I swear this process [...] was born out of madness, or it could be a carefully devised evil test." Researchers have devised methods to take real-time, real-world information and layer it onto Google | More Big Brother Ever keep using a tool that is essentially broken &takes much longer to use w/the "system" u devised to make it still work? ... Me neither. devised a new password for my internet accounts Thou hast devised confusion to thy house, thou hast cut off many people, and thy soul hath sinned- the church must pay for its crimes :)haba says I've already devised an escape algorithm (Similar to the one used in DLSU) if ever I get stuck in EMC tom... Interviewing Black Eyed Peas tomorrow. Once about Blackberry and the other about, er, music? I've devised a gag with Rosso so we'll see. Crudely devised sleep aid? Smashing your head against a wall? Running around in circles? Infomercials? The store Fnac in Barcelona has a great selection of music albums but it has to have the worst cashier system ever devised. My crudely devised sleep aide is working. Huzzah! In Bohemian Grove ... new world orders are devised to depopulate the planted by 93% ... performer/dancer/live Devised Costume based Performance, produced by London College of Fashion in collabor.. is a tactical nuclear weapon devised by the korean military yup i said it. backstreet was 1st, lou pearlman devised a group 2 1-up them...n it was basically justin n co. lol "The application of parliamentary law is the best method yet devised to enable assemblies of any size" trying a new strategy - devised by the Hill Hall: A Singular House Devised by a Tudor Intellectual - by Paul Drury et al. - Society of Antiquaries. But if you devised a recipe that used chicken and stars, do you think they'd honor the coupon? Democracy is dying for, because it's the most deeply honorable form of government ever devised by man. Ronald Reagan Hill Hall: A Singular House Devised by a Tudor Intellectual - by Paul Drury et al. - Society of Antiquaries. The devient devised plan got fucked up.... If im not on for awhile.... Be lucky to see me in school why am i sitting here brooding and tearing up instead of you know, writing the app i have so brilliantly devised...? Democracy is dying for, because it's the most deeply honorable form of government ever devised by man. Ronald Reagan Just devised another plan...hopefully this will work cause rent is due tomorrow ahahaa(smh) Special recipe: Coffee-infused Chocolate Cake: Pyle devised an easy-to-make recipe that reflects her i.. I was wondering who actually reads my tweets so I've devised a plan. Everyday I'll tweet lyrics from a song, and the first one to The devient devised plan got fucked up.... If im not on for awhile.... Be lucky to see me in school reworking the logo. still not happy. also, devised a new layout for the site. fine tuning, i suppose. Just devised another plan...hopefully this will work cause rent is due tomorrow ahahaa Just devised a pretty rad dinner, consisting of a veggie sandwich and a small side of fish, tomaters and rice. ...Wonders what idiot devised a 5 day week and 2 day weekend - instead of a 2 day week and 5 day weekend!! Researchers devise way to deny denial-of-service attacks: Researchers say they have devised a way to filter out.. Researchers devise way to deny denial-of-service attacks- Researchers say they have devised a way to filter out den... MK Woyzeck opens tomorrow - don't miss this thrillingly innovative devised work from director Tom Scholte! Tix: 604.822.2678
Given that it's the 21st century and all, THIS is what video game characters are supposed to be like (don't exp.. lol you have to keep your tweets below 140 characters. Any characters that have a curved end are easy - Helv. is always parallel to a side - 3, C, c, e, f, G, g, S, s, t Study Finds More Gay Characters on Network TV (via // Wooohoo! Hurray for visibility! We couldn't sum up this week's Pulse in 140 characters if we tried: the $25K Pitch, Ghostbusters & mud tug. lol tinker bell of all characters that's too cute! I better do it! We don't want an unhappy batman lol I expressed myself in more than 140 characters. Reno 911 characters. What can the five of us dress up in for Halloween? Jackson wants to be Wall-E for Halloween, surprised no Star wars characters again also, that was EXACTLY 140 characters I hate putting Xmas but the 140 characters meant I couldn't put Christmas :( When 140 characters is not nearly enough. I am glad you something of mine yesterday so I could meet you first. Even 140 characters at a time. if they had more effin characters you'd def get more than that outta me but cant so ..& yeah,ughh,but its life huh,well some ppls Today has been good so far. listening to five characters and going to lunch with bby lys Putting thoughts to text, 140 characters at a time... Oh dear. Is it just me or does anyone else love writing a tweet that is exactly 140 characters long. Is this the new haiku? Or am i a nerd? By the way, found out that Twitter works best when you voice ONE thought at a time, which I'll use to say Twitter should be 200 characters. We need something where a characters name is Eda Heirbochs the third I am so in agreement with that!!!! Like seriously! Who only has 140 characters to say? Absolutely. Would have added that if I had enough characters. You should try watching X-Factor in the background. Less shameful. I'm lazy. (And I have 84 characters left on this tweet.) Oh sweet twitter, how I love 2 write but can I get more than 140 characters? Like I really have alot to say & the fact that you don' - dang it's awesome! Who could have known 140 characters could be so confusing. So who is going to explain to me - in 140 characters or less - exactly what this Google Wave thing is? More like it's tough to put it into 140 characters! I love the brevity of Twitter, except when trying to express complex ideas! Kick Your Blog in the Butt Tips in 140 Characters | Blog For Profit Yeah Or Else We'd ACTUALLY Have Freedom Of Speech. our generation has changed,140 characters to say what we have to say lol i've got three distinct threads: the protagonists, the antagonists, and the backstory. that doesn't take into account specific characters. twitter doesn't give me enough characters to explain, just stuff thats goin on at home. LOVE Juno. Ellen Page is awesome in that role. Just one of those characters I've fallen for. Okay, not really. Okay, really. Every once in a while I miss blogging because sometimes I have more than 140 characters of thought. Then I remember what a chore it became. Great questions keep them coming! If your q exceeds 140 characters, submit it via Facebook --> We couldn't sum up this week's Pulse in 140 characters if we tried: the $25K Pitch, Ghostbusters & tug-of-mud. yay I'm so glad you got to go & found them - how was the audience? What was the set list? is this too much for 140 characters? please explain the deal between public option vs gov only healthcare in less than 140 characters - Nation X and Greg "ugh" Land returns. Frustrating, as I enjoy Fraction's X-Men. Introducing some great new characters. whats the server and names of your characters? Give me 200 characters please, twitter. Actually I did like the latest Heroes episode. Interesting new characters, though the old ones are still a little lost. Sylar:"I ooze charm" I also think a dismissal of as a stereotype 2b laughed at lacks the fact that ALL the characters are stereotypes. Judging by this, all horror-movie characters use AT&T Mobile? No Service: (via is struggling to get into the heads of new characters. Why is it so hard, sometimes? Hopefully, in more than 140 characters! ;-) I yell at and berate characters in the Iliad all the time, yet it's one of my favorites. Beyond 140 Characters: Sanchez Back on Twitter, and Writing a Book I just balled my eyes out at that scene. I didn't want any of the characters to die, but especially yours!! Zoe is my fav :)
I'm sure the other people in the resaturant will be delighted with a screaming pooing baby.. Lot of people poo pooing Google Wave today. A shame because the concept is really revolutionary. Teresa: 'i'm fed up with pooing' x It's been a dream of mine for a long time... like pooing on Boron from a high place. Wow, he sounds like a real weirdo. There is nothing sexual about poo unless you're pooing into a girls vagina (space docking) hmm... well, at the vet, the kitties did well with dogs in their faces... I'm more worried about her pooing & their destroying... Omg why am i pooing so much today!? This "outs" me as a watcher, but my favorite quote was from Heidi Klum (sea 3?): "She looks like she's pooing fabric." Twitting, pooing, soaking my smelly feet in a bucket of minty salt water so if bird pooing on u is good luck, what does it mean adult pheasant flies str into yr bedroom window at 2.00am. Tail missing pooing myself Friends of ours just got back from USA too..waiting for their photos, your photos look great, love the dog pooing sign! the other day he got angry at the dog pooing in the garage so sat in the car until i came and picked them up says look at lotties pic of her pooing hahahahahah black mail baby. all her boyfriends will see hahahaha. i love my ... My favorite quote: "It looks like she's pooing fabric!" or "The crotch on those pants is INSANE!" Poo moo fool shool grool dull I'm pooing Who doesn't pee when pooing? Is this Mini no longer emo? Has she stopped hiding and pooing everywhere? am alive, been a hectic month or so. My pooing is excellent! Thanks for the concern. Trick is heaps of fruit 2 soften it up. My bird pooing on my head pooper yer really don't like pooing in pots that vanish from under my feet Toilet seat covers should react to urine and change colours so you can be sure of a clean surface before pooing. i'm sorry i wash your damn dishes and i'm pretty sure the smell was something you created ... Not a little puppy pooing ... good comment by chuckcash :-) Kimi at Mclaren next? boy wonder must be pooing his pants! Kimi doesn't rate him that's for sure (@KoreyMadness) Pooing. Like a boss Pooing. Like a boss me too! I am pooing now -have you been yet? seriously.. what's so great about pooing at paul's house? pooing yourself on the treadmill wont look pretty... ahhhhh moile web (L) :) yeah, seriously just going through songs now and pooing myself with nerves! *her ma has been in the hosp for 3 days (ma lives in Switzerland). pooing blood. they think she has colon cancer. friend scared I am pooing now! Have you pooped yet? all dogs are lik this! mine thinks pooing outside is too much unpolite...! :-) I think I reached the peak of my maturity. Pooing noises in the bathroom doesn't make me laugh anymore. rly my bum pooing....haha I'm going to pooing in a large tray and make you clean it up! pooing my pantss weeek, go tell everyone that you're pooing HAHA w8... im still pooin... gnna take a shower in mayb 3 or 4 mins l8ter... pretty disappointed by Only caught it from the lame cat pooing on the pillow skitch... but it's format is confused. heehee Bet it stopped you pooing up your back tho! im sat in the dentist pooing myself i might run out stop it babe, I don't look good pooing! I bet it was fun!BTW I LMAO bout ur dog pooing in ur house after being outside!! HAHAHA! My dog eats his:( Gross fucker! The best quote... if (tourists) go up, they should be behaving themselves, not pooing on the rock" Pooing. Then off to homework. I normally just glow after a good pooing session. Sick, bummed, and bored. Today sucks. I wonder when I'll stop pooing my guts out. Little scratchy A Okay today, back to his usual self, eating and pooing, squealing when he hears the back door open - This is cute
A BOOK ABOUT NUTRITION FOR PREMATURE BABIES?: Hi I am the dietitian, as well as only proposed operative in the .. I'm guessing baby is still being unco-operative? Man hunts down and attacks call centre operative for ringing 3 times every Sunday morning during the omnibus edition of The Archers The Co-op's campaign and 10-point plan to tackle the loss of bees in the UK... get involved: is slowly but surely finding some of fitness after another game of six-a-side. Slowly being the operative word. At the fun fair in Canterbury. Fun not being the operative word here. Not worried at all between Rafe and Frank u don't have 2 much time on ur hands.Hands being the operative word. Try is the operative word. LOL. 2 words: Save and Quit. SAVE being the operative word. Do NOT just turn the console off. *THe feline intelliegence operative smiles and looks to his feeder* See Its working, we can infiltrate Star Fleet ..... 'From Paris With Love' Trailer HD - A low-ranking intelligence operative working in the office of the U.S... [YOUTUBE] looking forward to the giants game with my new peeps. "with my new peeps" being the operative phrase! Tatua payout lifts spirits: More than 100 Waikato farmers supplying the Tatua Co- Operative... GENE THERAPY FOR HALIFAX: Co-operative Championship Grand Finalists Hali.. The co-operative idea in circulation seems useful considering that the US will struggle to find a fully integrated approach. Cash being the operative word. an Al Qaeda operative recently detonated explosives hidden in his rectum - gosh, I can't wait for my next screening! Yesterday was a fluke! I usu workout around 8-9pm. And on the wknds I try to get in a Bikram session. TRY=operative word :-) Warehouse Operative, Enfield Judge odrs release Cheney inview w/FBI into who leaked CIA operative || cming soon: leak saved us all thanks...BIT better being the operative word lol xx a Pre Operative Education RN in Kensington, MD - wpost Private Military Contractor operative is one of my dream jobs. A job with no routine and full of hard packed actions. Former ACORN highup,& SEIU operative now White House/Obama "Karl Rove" advisor via ... Former ACORN highup,& SEIU operative now White House/Obama "Karl Rove" advisor via Animals were really co-operative. It is dull to talk about them if they do not show up. operative word is REFRAIN "NBA to teams: Owners,GMs&coaches should refrain from making any unauthorized comments abt the replacement refs" Job Post:proj-mgt - Program Manager (Ontario, Canada) - - Seeking Program Manager with experience in the co-operative h ... Joe, please provide concise definition of a 'Taliban' operative. If necessary how many troops would be required to secure Pakistan? Retail Operative - Weekday 4.30 - 8.30pm: 106 - 122 Market Street,Manchester,M1 1WA. Future Amy Pond occupation rumours: Firefighter, Fishing Operative, Tax Inspector, Quality Controller... Future Amy Pond occupation rumours: Firefighter, Fishing Operative, Tax Inspector, Quality Controller... just received a letter from her secondary sch informing her to claim back shares from its closed down co-operative cca. wow got $. :) The operative phrase is "right now." There's a real cost to trying lots of new tools, but there's a > cost to missing your killer tool. Anyone with co-operative memories to contribute? So anyway. I've had enough of today. I'm gonna try sleep it off. Try, being the operative word :) Post-operative dumping syndrome - The Co-operative American Oven Fries have been voted 'best shoestring' product in a taste test by Delicious magazine (November issue). Production Operative, Halstead does anyone know what the difference is between Co-op Travel and Co-operative Travel? Neocon Rory Was An MI6 Operative Neocon Rory Was An MI6 Operative Outbound Customer Service Operative: Our client is looking to recruit an Outbound Customer Service Ope..
U're gonna miss soon after u leave it is extremely SUCKS! WTH is wrong with those socks? parah WTH is wrong with those shocks ? parah Is super proud of this review!!! Thanks Well done !! 'Ssup Dunlop! LOVING the charity Volleys - check my review Gotta find a way out. Pleaaaase :'( Oh Fev Fev Fev... Let's hope you FINALLY learn from this!!!! haha and sometimes regret why u entered libels rite? Wkwkw yeah vied. kta plng jm 4 ta? I feel the same! i wonder why i don't miss even just a lil' bit. I feel the same! i wonder why i don't miss even just a lil' bit. now i'm just sitting in my chair with no passion i wonder why i don't miss even just a lil' bit. now i'm just sitting in my chair, with no passion. watching cinta indonesia by trio libels at youtube, OMG lucuuu banget video clipnya :D Ignoring LIBELS that th' new BOSWELL is aught but HOLINESS and PURITY. I hope only that LONDON is Braced for my REFORM'D character. Yeeesss! :p alcatraz libels ne maksudnya??!!hoho.. Yg penting qta sudah meninggalkan penjara itu! :D R ... LIBELS GOES PAPERLESS !! *aku tau ini ketinggalan, but somehow the amount of ppl who DO care bout global warming is going up* x) muah! Udah di rumah kok ay, km dimana? Bsk aku mau main ke libels, ketemuuu yoook imissyouu too sayang! lg dmana km? libels = prison :p lalalalalaa tomorrow back to prison school LOL Is creating!! lah ceg gek saya wakakaka iya saya libels shin Facebook Captcha libels user. NBP Is looking forward to a week of fitness and quiet!!! Has jumped on the NRL wagon!!! Go Storm!!! sipp . haha . yeah really miss muach ;P lg apa ygs ? home all alone for a whole week!! all my fellas, fams, and LOL Bukan itu lisa sma3 bkn sma6 Vid it cewe x nigga ya? Yg tweet an am km Yg bkn anak libels haha Vid it cewe x nigga ya? Yg tweet an am km Yg bkn anak libels haha Saya juga hha adlh hal yg plng saya sesali wkt msk wekeke adlh hal yg plng saya sesali wkt msk wekeke Wants to go home!
pakistan news geo MSA apprehends 11 fishermen on violating sea boundaries: KARACHI: Maritime Security Agency (MSA) durin MSA apprehends 11 fishermen on violating sea boundaries Latest Post MSA apprehends 11 fishermen on violating sea boundaries New Blog post Warner Bros. Apprehends Prisoners ... [CBP] CBP in San Diego Apprehends 3 Fugitives with Homicide Warrants: San Diego - This weekend, U.S. Custo.. Muskegon Heights store owner apprehends gun-toting robbery suspect: By Local | The Muskegon Chronicle A.. Muskegon Heights store owner apprehends gun-toting robbery suspect Muskegon Heights store owner apprehends gun-toting robbery suspect - Muskegon Chronicle - I was a Loss Prevention Associate (apprehends/detains shoplifters) for a large retailer until yesterday. AMA.: submi.. I was a Loss Prevention Associate (apprehends/detains shoplifters) for a large retailer until yesterday. AMA. I was a Loss Prevention Associate (apprehends/detains shoplifters) for a large retailer until yesterday. AMA. apprehends
Software mostly written by young people with goo eyesight. lol Wearing Goggles = NOT WEAK - can u tackle, throw, swing, swim?, without ur eyesight??? didn't think so Don't worry ppl.... nothing is wrong with your eyesight.... the woman speaks dutch.... HAHA... Sometimes, I just wish that I had perfect eyesight so that I didn't have to deal with stupid contacts and glasses !! Interpret the law as aging with its eyesight fading. -protest the hero wishes my mother wouldn't know that i smuggled the ben&jerry's icecream out from her eyesight :D Either it's my eyesight or the dress on that table is at least 2 sizes too small.... i lost my eyesight a few days ago :\ i hate when i THINK i know someone across the room so i end up staring at them intensly. haha so awkward. i wish i had better eyesight. I passed my eyesight test and my knowledge test, now I have to take my driving test.... and I've had a license in England for 12 years! x ish i had better eyesight How Do You Improve Your Eyesight? | Improve Vision Without Glasses ...: corrections(glasses, contact.. there's my.....sheeesh i cant say lil cookie monster cause you'd be right in my eyesight. What up tho! I lost my voice, i hope i dont lose my eyesight next. Moose have very poor eyesight and a sub-standard grasp of classical mechanics. Something weird's going on with my eyesight. This is just a little bit scary. He that is strucken blind cannot forget The precious treasure of his eyesight lost. - Romeo and Juliet I think you're discriminating against those of us with poor eyesight. I had to go clean my glasses to read URL. aw hope you get better my eyesight is all blurred and I have a killer head ache argh I'd rather not thank you very much...im rather to my eyesight... This is terrible, but I kinda wish I had poor-enough eyesight to warrant bifocals. 'Cause bifocals are awesome. And what's with all the carrots? What do they need such good eyesight for anywaaaaay? Bunnies! Bunnies! It must be bunnies! Rhinos are known for their bad eyesight, good hearing, and that they like to roll in mud. listening to 'Eyesight' by James Brown sure i'm slowly losing my eyesight :? rly fancy a massive glass of pepsi and some chinese food :') -yes of course! - I did this for my grandfather who lost his eyesight to MD - he was an avid reader Somehow I'm in worse shape than when I doing taebo! to lose my eyesight! I'm stilly a bit dizzy now,lol, what's wrong w/ me! sugar which affects my eyesight really bad, fucking pier pressure. fml whats with all the mini tiny flys around guisborough im being attacked at college, they confuse my eyesight as there so tiny =/ i did not know you wear contacts. poor eyesight unite! T__T I am never good in ur eyesight My eyesight gone baaaad, it's obvious for now. your eyesight is as good as mine! Senility Prayer: Grant me senility to forget people I never liked, good luck to run into those I do like, & eyesight to know the difference Poll: Perfect eyesight and loves travel. Should Patchay consider pilot as a new career? 3 Steps to Better Eyesight: Auerbach Leonidas3 Steps to Better Eyesight 3 Steps to Better Eyesight 23 Sep 2009 .. Microchip to restore eyesight eyesight lost, they have not. I'm sure they're just exploring the other side of the colour spectrum. Hahaha they've probably lost some eyesight staring at darkness and dark shit all the time. They thought it was a shade of gray. Forever Vision - 60 day money back guarentee - take a look to see if it can help your eyesight Forever Vision - 60 day money back guarentee - take a look to see if it can help your eyesight Forever Vision - 60 day money back guarentee - take a look to see if it can help your eyesight I have just booked to have my eyesight corrected by laser surgery! Woo Hoo! Booked for next Tuesday. New blog post: Dr Bates - An Exerpt From His Better Eyesight Magazine my eyesight is still blurry from my lasers...hurry up and come back please x If your eyesight is a little blurry these days, then Thursday's "Word for Today" from Acts 9 is for you! If your eyesight is a little blurry these days, then Thursday's "Word for Today" from Acts 9 is for you! eyesight decreasing, inhibition taking over.... lol! ... Just read it...very good, but the white text on a black background leaves me with dicky eyesight for a while afterwards!
Just read it, sounds like he's teaming up with Darren on this one. Max had a 4k bung deal, should never been allowed! . . . Then, at age eighteen, a solemn decision can be made: whether to take him out of the barrel, or to drive in the bung." - RAH subhanallah..ALLAHUAKBAR..merinding saya bung I have a bung eye!! Ah well... Never do. Just bung a few pairs of shoes on you and hope for the best things r good OU this wknd n hangin w Tha family =) BUNG is goin 2 b w her dad goin to Tha fair =) goin 2 miss her ... If I lived in Bung, Nepal, I'd never stop laughing. Carry on my wayward bung, there'll be poop when you are done. Lay your weary cheeks to rest, don't you no more! aled-chill out.take a break.ur too stresed out man.have a bung juss step back in phone bill bung bang now..yea on my ride home I couldn't stop thinkin about bunny how I miss him so much..man I miss him on my way too the brock get at me!!!!!!bung!!!bung!!Ftw!!Dta Pumping She Wolf at full bung because it annoys Janet! setiap bercanda pasti ada saja yang anggap itu serius.... ya. demikianlah, bung chicko! hu-hu! :'( when I show him which tv 'star' it is, he'll view it as punishment How much did you have to bung the head for that honour? How much did you have to bung the head for that honour? whwhwh canda bung thank u brur! happy isn't it near the bung hole? ;) tee-hee! ah yang bener bung? waktu gempa sama Quran Surat berhubungan? subhanAllah.. If I get WET done sometime tonight, might be able to bung another tenner or so on the credit note then I'll pick Halo up. :) : biasa bung hendro ! pmbagara ni bung FLUNOO ini ! Hahaha what goin on bung ? LOL :D hah? makasi lo mah. besok bawahanny ap bung? Azeg menurut bung sih bgitu mbak Dhe, abis itu mau sushigroovean sama & ... Sama2 ya bung gordy... thx yah tadi... menurut bung sih bgitu mbak Dhe, abis itu mau sushigroovean sama & coba d tanya lg sm mereka Makasi Iia gre..km ny istrht y..get well soon Uda pulang jkt dr td siang bung..doain ... dit,pin bb lo brape?gak usah bo'ong bung If they were to put me in a barrel, I would shout glory out through the bung-hole! -Billy Bray Get Well Soon bung sakiiiitttttt !!!!! dengerin bung chris/nerangin international economics.hahaha man i am bung over todayyyyyyyy, wow Todayy was fun although I ended up with a bung finger thanks to the donut :(:(:( work only made it fatter... *If* you get an invite, bung me over one of your invites will you? ;:D gowes aja ah, udh pasti maceeeett... at Gelora Bung Karno by abah ush as in dogs? email me more details, I'll bung it on the Preston Park community pages :) Jer beam p win fah bim kwan ekk bab bung ern at lubid hahaaa-- waak wanna go go go! Tell them all to wait for me na!! Ngeledek mbul?? Jobles nih, jdy nurut aj gw klo dmintain tolong, haha.. Sibuk berumah tangga rupany bung andy.. Hmm.. Sibuk berumah tangga rupany bung andy.. Hmm.. I'm in carrefour lb.bulus and g this crap, AC-nya mati!! Pantes gerah bgt ... gue nabung buat indiefest. ada the ataris bung! : bung ! ente pe pin dang , yah sorideh gue udh pulang hehe bokek gue bung. my new collegue's from phillipines, looks like a bung, behaves like a mat, and swears at the computer. i her! kyk w khunt yg terakhir Istri bung karno cantik ya @ musiumnya ... Hhaha. Smangat, bung.. Suda benar2 saatnya kembali kuliah nampaknya.. Just entered the class, and then BOOM!
DVD problems venturer 8: venturer 8'' lcd kitchen tv with dvd/cd....new used maybe 5 times...pictur.. Venturer 8-inch DVD Player, Black - PBS8380 $69.88 DVD problems we have a venturer pvd730 7in. dvd player and the: we have a venturer pvd730 7in. dvd .. Hotel Villa Villa Venturer pkg at $161.50 /nt & inclds hotel, boat over, snorkeling & more. Ooh another classic "Ace Venturer Pet Detective" always so so funny! X x Looking forward to delivering a TREE session at London Venturer Day - if the AA can get my car going!
Puzon (Spring Valley) posted a beach photo: (sand, people, sea, sunset, yorkshire, sigma, whiby, warm, 1850mm, beach ... Playing in the sand! I will call you tomorrow. I have a meeting w/ the sand & ocean that I can't pass up. :P Promise I'll call then!!! in sand springs waiting on the homecoming parade to niece and nephew are ganna be in it. he he maybe you can help me with my game ... I spend a lot of time in sand & water! Why eggs dont break when poured into the sand? Already feeling sand between my toes thinking about the free trips! Time for some sand volleyball! with so much offensive and inapproriate spam coming from some Tar Sand stooges we have to moderate so please be patient Tmrw is Friday - Last day to get the Be the Bee Special - so, do you want it or not? make a decision or lose on the best sand of the week yes we call sand beach cat litter and we pay 10 bucks for a box Did you lose anything at Surfboards in the Sand? We found a couple things during the event and would like to get... Creating scarcity in something that's not scarce at all. Brilliant! Can I have some beach sand too? Seang (Uniondale) posted a beach photo: (bucket, greatyarmouth, deeeb, norfolk, sand, beach, uk, rain) I don't wear shoes to the beach and if I do, I wash the sand off before putting on my sandals. I formed my friendships in the sand thinking that it was concrete, but the waves would just wash them away the moment I left. Larry Ellison: "Change it to Cloud and give it back to these nitwits on Sand Hill Rd" (Video) AB Stoddard always looks like she just had sex on the beach, and now has sand in her privates. I'm a grass eater..no rice for me :) had a salad & turkey sand for lunch..so far sooo good Hey doll!! I LOOOVE that shade! Espresso is the new Sand. The ones I just bought are espresso... Yes, bubbles rise to prevent sand from falling and it eeks thro the gaps to make a unique 'landscape' - good for my right-brain It tastes like shit. Or like sand. Already feeling sand between my toes thinking about the free trips! Ringle (Groveton) posted a beach photo: (swimsuits, summer, walkers, seashore, carolina, sand, ocean, beach, ... Put a federal agency in charge of the Sahara and it would run out of sand. prepping a colored sand activity for Nat's upcoming luau - really want to play with it myself! Not your father's sand bag Quite narrow sills at work, not great for populating with interesting items. The sand flows around to make abstract shapes? I'd wash the sand off the shore, Give you the world if it was mine, Blow you right to my door, Feels fine! :Cause I walk with a limp Like a old school pimp o real o g. I'm rocking vans. I'm in the sand I've a g ... Pentair Meteor Above Ground 22" Sand Filter W/1.5 Hp Pu Do you still like sand if it gets in your shoes or only when its not in your shoes - 6929, sand in shoes. Duran Duran song of the day: Buried In The Sand--from Medazzaland (1997) When glee sand Somebody to love by queenI teared Free sand and water table (Tigard - Bull Mountain): Free sand and water table - I think it's fisher price, not .. the appentice is defo hotting up, but get rid of that dickhead Lorraine, she grates on me like a cactus on sand paper!!! A perfect day in knoxvegas to watch these losers play sand volleyball (and get paid for it) Raver (Belle Glade) posted a beach photo: (canon, digital, sand, floridabeach, florida, cocoabeach, summer, waves, p ... Totally addictive... have you tried this? Quote Of The Day: Never Bring Sand To The Beach! I'm putting conkers on my sill at work next sand picture - do you have one The British State has been drawing lines in Afghan sand for over a hundred years, so why does anyone expect it to stop anytime soon? O'Neill Academy Sand Plaid Juniors Bermuda | Accessories for ... If zac brown band wanted their toes in the water & their "toes" in the sand thats what they wud have sang u stupid radio station! Thank god for sand socks tonight! It's gonna be a cold night of volleyball! Thank god for sand socks tonight! It's gonna be a cold night of volleyball! Lmao wow Her teeth looks like sand on the beach.
50 Extraordinary Billboards (via While it was a tough decision, I like best. And you? Extraordinary fact re USF honoree: Went public with his mental depression 1 year in office. Did much for problem too often in the closet. Video: Some EXTRAORDINARY Truth & Wisdom From Steve Jobs. Poignant and moving. (via USF honored Former Norwegian PM Kjell Bondevik of Oslo Center for Peace and Human Rights: extraordinary human rights advocate. 50 Extraordinary and Attractive Billboards "I'm just an average American... with extraordinary hair"- Kenny Powers afternoon sit down w/Oprah. Watching inspiring story of extraordinary woman from africa & achieving dreams of education. I am so inspired. 50 Extraordinary and Attractive Billboards Watching the Buena Vista Social Club film, such extraordinary musicians. Witnessing the extraordinary procession of now with a simple experience of being. 2NITE I DINE W/SOME EXCEPTIONAL PEOPLE .ILL DRINK 2 LIFE N SMILE 2 HAPPINESS.2NITE ILL REMIND MY FRIENDS HOW EXTRAORDINARY WE R. "We've only just begun, the romance is not over, I've got soo much love to give.." | dedicating this song to my extraordinary gf. Photo: Extraordinary Sculptures by Jin Young Yu - PS_Tutorial: Extraordinary Photoshop FX Turns out really mean it. Almost wasteful to have two such extraordinary voices in one band. If I wasn't sure before, I am now. Congrats! What an extraordinary priviledge! just watched 2 amazing documentaries from the series 'extraordinary people' check out 'the boy with the incredible brain' now one of my favs LOOK AT EVERYTHING AS IF U WERE LOOKIN FOR THE FIRST TIME THROUGH NEW EYES! FIND THE EXTRAORDINARY IN THE ORDINARY! EXPLORE APPRICIATE ENJOY Witnessing the extraordinary procession of now with a simple experience of being. is oneof the most extraordinary, positive, others focused woman around. Thanks Karyn for your continual inspiration xox Israel taking extraordinary steps to block prosecution of military ...: theblackbook Candian Patients Take to M.. "Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence." Carl Sagan I agree that's it's a beautiful thing to hear the shofar in hallway.Reverse of Skinned Knee "ordinary is extraordinary"! Extraordinary individual living in an ordinary world! Extraordinary bassist John Patitucci (formerly of Chick Corea's band) will be on the air today at 5:30 with host... "Carpe, Carpe Diem, seize the day boys, make your lives extraordinary."~Dead Poets Society Extraordinary day! Successful election as President-Elect for the Grand Rapids Association of Realtors. Honored to serve... We must play a bigger game to make our lives extraordinary. It's been an extraordinary, extremely busy week (hence so few tweets). I've been in the American deep-south with 8 crazy Swedish engineers Reading "The Talent Code" Daniel Coyle. Readable and fascinating. An environment facilitating deep practice creates extraordinary learning. Overpromise and Overdeliver: Design a Branded Competitive Advantage and Deliver Extraordinary Customer Experiences: in an ordinary world, making a positive extraordinary saw Mesrine 2. What an extraordinary life he led. Must now drink Cognac. Billboard marketing gone 3-D: "50 Extraordinary Billboards" Fireworks is extraordinary Meeting with the extraordinary film executive Garianno Lorenzo. Meeting with the extraordinary film Garianno Lorenzo! Read this great quote today "Expect God to use your ordinary life in extraordinary ways." Extraordinary day! Successful election as President-Elect Grand Rapids Association of Realtors. Honored to serve <Congrats!> Animal fancy is extraordinary ordinary women are extraordinary. discover on Just finished reading Shantaram. Extraordinary, often brutal story of human experience. It makes me yearn to visit India. Extraordinary day! Successful election as President-Elect Grand Rapids Association of Realtors. Honored to serve {Congrats!} 360 Extraordinary Savings on Travel! 360 Vacation ... 360 Extraordinary Savings on Travel! 360 Vacation ...
designated role per iteration: "bug hero"- Please Sign Up & Get Applsuse Iteration 3: Data Points of a Nameless Conspiracy Iteration 2: Fractal Opposition Technique Iteration 1: The Fractal Conspiracy the Read! You can handle far more use cases per iteration (2 weeks) than 2 or 3. Try 8 to 10. That makes it a more agreeable unit. Please don't be insulted if you're not on here yet. It's only the 1st iteration, my friends. See, I'd argue that NOTLD is a more "naturalistic" horror film than most. Granted, each iteration has been more refined. Just uploaded the source for iteration 2 onto google code. Now planning iteration 3. T2: Judgment Day for Twine? cool system! excited to try the new iteration Finally found the error in my other code: numerical integral inside a loop, and I wasn't reinitializing the accumulator every iteration. Iteration 1: The Fractal Conspiracy Iteration 3: Data Points of a Nameless Conspiracy Iteration 1: The Fractal Conspiracy Meanwhile, I've been writing and playing with Logic UB making beats for the next iteration of my work life. I'm dancin' now! 4 themes: aim for interaction, personalization is more than mail merge, converse, don't campaign, iteration=innovation You've gotta love when iteration somehow skips a vast range of values. That might be an joke. I'm glad for another iteration but wish we had known. I could have saved myself a lot of headache. Each new iteration gets progressively worse, IMO. I'm glad there's a lot of different privacy settings and few spammers. I need a verb for "incorporate the next term/segment/iteration into the computation" for use in code comments. "Compute" doesn't cut it. After much bug testing, and work by our programming team, we should be expecting iteration 1.0.2 today on our development server. AWESOME - Current iteration of the midhorn in my system. KRS-1 "BO is like the manager at Burger King...you want to talk to the franchise owner." A preview of Fractal Conspiracy, Iteration 4. Iteration 3: Data Points of a Nameless Conspiracy Iteration 2: Fractal Opposition Technique Iteration 1: The Fractal Conspiracy As long as Dini writes a Batman book, that iteration is going to be around PUDDIN! MR J! PUDDIN! MR J! PUDDIN! MR J! PUDDIN! MR J! I am seriously done with this iteration of the Joker JIT iteration means I can concentrate my energy buoyed by a sense of urgency. Thought I'd share. Honda CR-Z hybrid concept nears production: The latest iteration of Hon.. I just released Hero iteration 11 a day ahead of schedule, screens and changes in my blog post: has tended a redesign every decade; hopefully proper design plays a major role next iteration Wow. Zune player has DJ" in its latest iteration. It takes a single song and creates a play list that matches. How novel! Getting to Inbox:0 and Tasks:0 at the end of the day feels like each day I make a commitment for that "iteration" just like I teach others! Iteration 1 2 and 3 My knowledge of leftist strategy finally pays off .. and grats for reaching another iteration milestone! Yay, I reached my goals for iteration 11, now going to work on tomorrows release funny how good your project looks on the screen & how bad it looks after an hour on the wall. I'm glad we get 1 more iteration because the pspgo is one 'hardware iteration' late. it should have been the second psp IMO Oops, that's tomorrow's post. Time for bed, here's today's iteration--Not so what u think it is... from first instinct through third iteration and my re-ink... ha! Nowhere as good as last year's iteration. Unidentifiable, interesting hop. I got my fresh hops from the same bag, so must be Chinook. C LAST 15 SECONDS altered this iteration - more text, more linear. Different energy. Still a good show. Deploying staging server for iteration 1.0.3. Finalizing eBullseye business requirements for iteration 1.0.4. Iteration 3 "Data Points of a Nameless Conspiracy." love it! Was better last iteration, which had less ham, added bacon. Bacon raisin bread is practically breakfast :) As the Kiev iteration of the Casual Connect conference draws near, CasualGaming.biz brings you a guide to the h.. Guy across the room is playing some iteration of Donkey Kong Country on a phat GBA. og sf3 was TERRIBLY unbalanced and had alot of broken shit, so considering sf4 is the first iteration they did amazing.
Supreme Opens Door For Pirate Bay Block YO Y DO PPL BLOCK THERE TWITTER ????????? but all he do is post up on tha block Blog your experience with writer's block? Well, if you have writer's block, you might have blogger's block as well ;-) I hate drive -by tweets, ppl talk sh*t then block you.. The Golden Rule of Twitter, Life: "Tweet everybody the way U would like to b tweeted." BLOCK ALL HATERS ON TWITTER. What ever happen to D-Block?? When was the last the they made a album? I be at 147, in the Rock--that's my block. New York City to the top. Tippy top. ~Nicki Minaj Hot-rod heaven: Rare muscle and vintage cars hit the auction block in St. Charles this week. I am try to do good for my block i live on college and in St.louis i need some help so can you all help me do some good. It happens to all of us at some point. Block it from your memory, so you can deny at kid's therapy later. U.S. House votes to block Guantanamo transfer (Reuters): Reuters - In a blow to President Barack Obama, the U.S.. Just show up. The event goes from 10-4. There is going to be alot to do and you'll be able to play with them in the block exhibit. almost done with my drawing i had block for the past two hours lol ... Off block first thing tomorrow morning. Yesssss. :) When I get home, I am going to block every single one of you business, or porn, or get money quick followers I find. The price of being free she's been around the block like the trash man alrighty there where can I get a wock the block Jabbas are just too hot I need one. Government wants to block cell phone distractions I am void rightnow its weird i ahve writters block :) willupload a pissed off poem i wrote a ahiwle back though U.S. House votes to block Guantanamo transfer (Reuters) lmaoooo shaaaa u crack me up his room barley has service and like he said "COME TO THA BLOCK B!" Lmao : : Got writer's block? Blog your experience ... (via LOL! If I block anyone else following me I won't HAVE anyone following me! (LOL) I'm down to 48 now as it is. I work on the same block. :) its not good for my wallet. he cant keep a damn job..."hittin da block" doesnt count IN THE CRIB JUS CHILLIN FOR NOW . SOON HIT THE BLOCK THO Line outside uniqlo has been around block since I got to work at 9 am till I just left now for some new collection Fun way to meet other star gazing enthusiast Which one? With three on the same block, I'd have a hard time picking. - 888-382-1222 is the national DO NOT CALL number to block calls and CHARGES from solicitors. "What is the cock block signal again?" "Well see- I have this device that can send and receive messages..." - Callie This guy has like 9 or 10 different alts. He pops up to annoy you. Just block, ignore, and rest easy. :) Gotta block these cock suckers!!! Wtf<<< wht happened cuzz? I think she is about 12 - if you have seen her tweets .. for you own sanity I would block omw back to da block what's da vybz? I'm sure! block out the bad memories huh! it's ok, ere'one else that was thurr know what izzzzzz! hahaha!
Steward's Network: Leave With or Without Pay For Other Reasons at ...: The.. Yea for Tom Steward's "An Early ACORN Whistleblower" piece being featured at "Big Government": New at Steward's Network: Leave With or Without Pay For Other Reasons Alan Steward's European Tour kicks off on Nov. 28 in Hengelo, NL at the Lambooijhuis No they weren't. I demand a steward's enquiry! Sharing: One of our talented Block Developer's/Guild Steward's blog, awesome work Iain! Steward's inquiry. Lots of brushing. We'll see if Buddy keeps his victory. Now playing: Boring Movies by Steward S. Walker. Klick to listen: Radio Tip: Boring Movies by Steward S. Walker. Klick to listen:
it's a formula for that and I don't remember it. Lolz. Lexi wrote it down though I can only do the electron configuration ?'s
want help. can ayon help a guy out. im trying to set up a website to sell my as posters an an i want o give to charitys aahhh the new mutemath album is awesome. in the meanwhile doing some for eljada. really had a great time w/ Hans today. adam gopnik Fri Oct 9, 6 pm. on tap: myths, anecdotes abt & affect way is perceived.#dc some of you are lucky be thankful. Now on to doing more and improving at it, and forgiving and forgetting past indiscretions Most of the show is up - just the finishing touches tomorrow. This is sure to be a blast, amazing fun... You can now download a walking map of PNCA - both indoors and out - for First Thursday. Buyers can Search by an Credentials - Discovered Sittin for my fav kids. Greeted with but forced to watch a movie about a monkey playing pro hockey :s Search By Best Selling - Discovered Everybody!! Rate it!! Highly! PLEASE! It's Julia's brilliant Yay yay!! I dont think i would call Transformers a movie. A movie is a form of but Transformers definitely isn't So what do we call it? Would've liked to see more info given from like we've asked that the remain etc. LOST Inspired this shit is brilliant I'm buying many If you are in tonight, love bikes and come out and celebrate a good cause: Tips for Your for the Give this a title and I'll give it away! --nice what are you placing the vector into? Sometimes placed seems to have a bg colour in layout programs, but it's the box/frame I WANT TO BUY SOME OF YOUR I want to buy some of your ok , i hate 50 cent, but um that album is pretty cool. 50 Cent's "Before I Self Destruct" Album Revealed:.. nigga need to blow the hell up already! I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Models Network's October E-Newsletter: Anything But Green. 'Call Of Duty: Modern Warfare 2' Hints at October 4th Trailer - ME: Check this out everyone... I want to win this because I love her work Give this a title and I'll give it away! wrong, because i got ten bonus points on a quiz today for my SO HA! 'Call Of Duty: Modern Warfare 2' Hints at October 4th Trailer 50 Cents Before I Self Destruct Album Revealed: The cover for 50 Cents upcoming Before I Se.. Sinestesia: rivelato: 2009-10-02 00:11:15 To bid on in "140 Hours of Fame" you need 2 follow u are ready!The 1st auction with"tweetbidding"! Finalizing track list, album final video edit being printed,Calgon, take me away! (via awesome..idea on drop date? i'm dying to hear it !! What a day. Finalizing track list, album final video edit being printed... Calgon, take me a Sinestesia: rivelato: 2009-10-02 00:11:15 An Elegant Free Blog for something like or fine To bid on in "140 Hours of Fame" you need to follow then you are ready! The first auction with "tweetbidding"! Just seen the final for the album! It looks soooo good!! Better then anything I imagined! Can't wait for you to see it! also.. if anyone knows or is a great graphic hit me up .. im lookin for someone to do album 50 Cent's "Before I Self Destruct" Album Revealed: The cover for 50 Cent's upcoming Before I Se.. nope without me u wouldn't have that sleeve so plhaha I got that for u woman pink floyd called and they wanted their album back ok.African Interesting! SeeD passed away?!?! That is terrible! His is so nice...D': Congrats Lauren Gray, winner of our Monthly ($$) Contest!!! Stop by to view her Sitting in the car with mom eating sushi and listening to A good rainy thursday :) At signing for my at Disney World. Line formed quick. Snuck around to see the people I'm feeling great man! Just finished my album so I feel real accomplished right now! How are you?
Dear Appraiser, Thanks for confirming that I was right about everything. Bye bye FHA approved appraiser status. I never really like the rodent poop falling on me as I opened the attic anyway The appraiser just gave me an hr-long horror story of his professional life. My house value better come in real high. the appraiser is coming i need to find a new home Overland Solutions is Hiring: PT High Value Appraiser (Humboldt, CA) Making my rounds to local clubs. SSRC meeting tonight with guest speaker Rob Turner, Hillsborough County Appraiser Wht's the magic Met wit appraiser earlier, He loved our work. I'm sure I'm going 2 get my value... Why must I have an appraiser assigned to my deal with no familiarity of the neighborhood, no apparent math skills and no common sense? Met wit appraiser earlier, He loved our work. I'm sure I'm going 2 get my value, plus we golf at the same spots! I knew he look familiar Tucson Jobs Residential Appraiser (Tucson and surrounding): Appraisal company based in Phoenix wants to form a Took 2 weeks to hear from the appraiser! Hope we can get it done quickly so we can get to closing soon! Appraiser resumes, licenses, E&O, references, client list and 3 sample appraisals...and they wanted 7 copies each!!! Didn't see this one coming. An appraiser appraised a I'm trying to help buy for too much. Huh? Doesn't know the neighborhood. This escrow virgin didn't know wk 1 fastfurious drama. Inspections hell dick appraiser homework neighbors bldg dept visit where I am now. Two Offices at Once?: I am a residential appraiser that currently works with a firm that specializes .. Originally we were denied the work because we were outbid by a single appraiser who bid a lower fee...so naturally... City of Grand Rapids Water Dept guys were super friendly and helpful. Now waiting for the inspector/appraiser just because u say it's authentic doesn't mean that it is...we need a appraiser immediately Invited by Yedda to answer "How to get FHA Appraiser Company back to ..." TONIGHT 6-10 Palm Springs Downtown Village Fest- Ya Gotta Enjoy it! The Local Appraiser to use All Cities October 1st FHA Roster Update - do you have an FHA appraiser? Invited by Yedda to answer "How to get FHA Appraiser Company back to ..." Invited by Yedda to answer "How to get FHA Appraiser Company back to ..." Invited by Yedda to answer "How to get FHA Appraiser Company back to ..." Quilt Show in Crown Point, IN There will be an appraiser there. Invited by Yedda to answer "How to get FHA Appraiser Company back to ..." Researching a lender in my real estate appraiser overvaluation case Invited by Yedda to answer "How to get FHA Appraiser Company back to ..." Invited by Yedda to answer "How to get FHA Appraiser Company back to ..." Running a little late this morning trying to get on a motion for summary judgment in an appraiser overvaluation case GMLive Combo mambo: a real estate broker, Carolyn worked as an consultant and appraiser for clients s.. Invited by Yedda to answer "How to get FHA Appraiser Company back to ..." Invited by Yedda to answer "How to get FHA Appraiser Company back to ..." Invited by Yedda to answer "How to get FHA Appraiser Company back to ..." Invited by Yedda to answer "How to get FHA Appraiser Company back to ..." Hiring a Appraiser I Residential at First American (St Petersburg, FL) Invited by Yedda to answer "How to get FHA Appraiser Company back to ..." Kenosha Jeweler Awarded Gemologist Appraiser Title By ... - PR-CANADA.net (press release): Kenosha Je.. Careers in Real Estate: Agent, Appraiser, Manager Just updated by Real Estate Appraiser Blog Site For 2010 USPAP Just updated by Wordpress Header Banner for my Real Estate Appraiser Appraisal Business Just updated by Wordpress Video Sales Letter for my Real Estate Appraiser Appraisal Business Careers in Real Estate: Agent, Appraiser, Manager Reasonable bedtime tonight. Renovating to be done and meeting with appraiser to be had. VA Home Purchase Loans and Common Items Appraiser May Ask to be Fixed VA Home Purchase Loans and Common Items Appraiser May Ask to be Fixed VA Home Purchase Loans and Common Items Appraiser May Ask to be Fixed VA Home Purchase Loans and Common Items Appraiser May Ask to be Fixed VA Home Purchase Loans and Common Items Appraiser May Ask to be Fixed
Many maisters, quoth the Poddock to the Harrow, when every tind took her a knock. Sir, no impudence upon my for tis all fantasy... QUOTH: "Dream on..." quoth Seeing crazy quantities of gwave spam ... anybody dumb enough to DM his e-mail to a stranger gets what he deserves. Quoth "the perfect business lets your brain run more quickly. " Happy Bro!! :) We are the best siblings in the world...you rock!! I quoth,"It's like --Bond With The Best"..Thanks Maa...Thanks God Quoth the Raven, "Nevermore." that I do - do they not look QUOTH: "separated at quoth "My finger... your fist... Seyhan's face" Forgive name-dropping but once, emboldened, asked Sammy Hagar to help me w/ an acoustic gig in LA. Anywhere but LA, quoth Sammy Quoth the Raven "Nevermore" ... QUOTH I: "Keyholes are the occasions of more sin and wickedness, than all other holes in this world put together. " you know who i mean... MEANWHILE BACK AT THE GRAVEYARD Quoth plumber Percy, "I've found the leak, ere,'ave a peek, We'll soon 'ave this right as rain...'as spa ... and I agree that Grand Archives' new album is gorgeous beyond gorgeous. Quoth he: 'makes B & S sound like MC5'. Word. Many maisters, quoth the Poddock to the Harrow, when every tind took her a knock. quoth GOOGLE WAVE HAS MADE MY BREAKFAST CEREAL TASTE BETTER AND MY CAT FLUFFIER AND MY CAR RUN ON AAA BATTERIES And thrice yay! quoth the Daunt frequenter. Holland Park branch, don'tcha know pfw QUOTH THE RAVEN Gareth Pugh in Danish. An English musicorientated one will follow on Every man for Himself, quoth the (@KGx00) My NFL pool team QUOTH finished tied for 3rd out of 197 last week My NFL pool team QUOTH finished tied for 3rd out of 197 last week & tied for 21st overall. Still alive in survivor pool. All things helps quoth the Wran, when she pisht in the Sea. just cuz u live in the gutter dosent mean u have to actualy live there quoth edgar alan poe "..Thus we may see," quoth he, " how the world wags. " As You Like I t II,vii [ in honor of Nigel Jaquiss at WW he, he, he] He who quoth Dennis Prager does the dishes. quoth in copperbadge's comments: "The world is preshrunk. Check the label." Quoth Amanda: "Best use of a saxophone I've ever heard". And she's got a Music degree... hmm. I am in a very Edgar Allen Poe mood... "Quoth the Raven, nevermore" LOL. Nothing at all, quoth the snob. But it was both the Black gems he named and his constant need to be on the defense w/us Quoth at our house: "Why do you say nobody drinks soda here? Do you not have enough liquor to mix it with?" Quoth dear Frog on "Wolverine." - "I liked it. But why was Patrick animated?" Dodgy SFX guys. And quoth the raven: "Nevermore" So quoth the raven... Expanding health insurance won't lower costs. How to really bring costs down Have anybody seen the flash animation Stainboy by Tim they're only six little funny and gloomy chapters. Quoth I! Quoth macaulay Culkin: "buzz, i'm goin through all your private stuff! You better come out and pound me!" . . . err THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID ... there is also definitely the sense that ebb is more dramatic where ge is quite methodical, scientific even "indifferent" (quoth Henry James) Quoth WHY IS THE GAY CULTURE ALWAYS JAMMING THEIR MUFFINS DOWN OUR THROATS? LOL madam president. how I miss thee. quoth the raven nevermore "Leading with the tools may make you one" quoth mikeorren "Leading with the tools may make you one" quoth "Leading with the tools may make you one" quoth quoth It's easier to write a novel every year than one every decade. Daily practice makes all the difference. John Banville QUOTH so in The Sea QUOTH who? "The past beats inside me like a second
Taylor ham egg and cheese at a classicc im soo donny like i be on my egg whites they say donny dont stop u the bestest i juss be comin off the top asbetos *deepens it* OOC: I'm cracking up like an egg. xD How do you get flawless, airbrushed finish even w/full covrge cream fndatns? U need the pink egg! Code: fall 10% off!! just finish perming my hair niw giving it an egg and mayo deep treatment.determine to grow my hair shoulder length and i think i might dyeit yep! I'm eating house rice and an egg roll! rice egg cornedbeef veg veryy hot curry = best combo ever Mr egg roll for dinner mmm...it's been years Only 1 egg today f/ my chickens. Think they r cold from the wind! I'm gonna have 2 dress 4 winter 2 sit at soccer practice later! Stop wind! Renewed - Robin's Egg Blue rosary - - Colorful Mary centerpiece. Yeah, it does (if you don't count where the raisins were in the way). I have a few WWII-era cookbooks w/ egg-free recipes. morning breakfasssst "scramble egg n whole bread with fresh milk" guten morgen tweepeeps <3 Robin's Egg Blue Recipe Cards - SET OF 20 If you thought the "ped-egg" was laughable, have you seen JMLs "dryer balls"? I kid you not These came out pretty good. Egg whites instead of yolk wasn't as bad as I thought. Needs pretzel salt open faced egg and mushroom sammwich Two toast of bread, 3 slices of spam, 2 slices of cheese, 1 egg, and secret sauce =] bomb Im wearing a baby blue with my girlfriends pink bandana. And i look like an easter egg Eggless egg salad from New Leaf is like the best deal ever..soooo delicious warm the sweetcorn, serve it with a poached egg on top. Yummy!!! (bob)I have eggs to pif out as follows:1-New Opal egg (if your not a friend please add me) ;O) Get your eggs before the rush. World egg day is Oct 9. Hardboil them & put them on a stick - pretend you are at the Iowa State Fair! 5 pound on the bus for 4 stops i duno which is worse 7 pound fro mr egg?i think a bus pass wud be cheaper??? NY's Empire State Building chided for honoring China. we want a break on roast pork egg foo young Is being in luv w/a porn star lk being in luv w/a stripper?lk wich came 1st, the chkn or the egg?-i just answered this WIC allowed foods list - great example of gov't reg gone berserk. Like it _needs_ to dictate egg color? Curses! I had planned a west egg breakfast-> Antico lunch -> Woodfire grill dinner. Hmmm...Abbatoir instead perhaps... chicken and egg in my rice, plus hot oil in my eyes.... An egg beater. Why? It's a good conversation Also a whole keychain full of holy symbols... Newest addition to list of things i will never eat again: frozen hardboiled egg. Dave's question for today... "If you were to return to this world in another life, would you rather be a deck of cards or an egg??" no milk, no bread, no beans. i have 1 egg and sweetcorn =/ you used to egg people on Halloween A new Social Site is soon to break into the scene. No cost to join and Free Shares to help build an Extra Nest Egg! Bout to cop the egg and cheese wit fries ketchup shit is so good Jingle/slogan of the day: I like eggs. From my head down to my legs. The incredible edible egg. Hmm, I've never heard of a "Chicken Egg-plant" ;) It's kinda sad that I'm really excited about the new egg slicer I bought today. But at least it will make cutting up eggs easier for me! :) Wanna be cool & be a good egg & wear a pirate hat? can make all those dreams come true. Volunteer w/us on Sat. we do chicken in the crockpot sometimes with cream of chicken soup instead of the taco mix. Searve it over egg noodles then. Is being in luv w/ a porn star lk being in luv w/ a stripper? lk which came 1st, the chicken or the egg?-lets help her out Dont put your egg in one basket.. try different nest which going to boom next fuck i just ate 2 egg buritos.! i am gonna pass out.! what's new egg is making egg and toast and is trying to relax when I have all this stuff on my mind Wanna be cool AND be a good egg AND wear a pirate hat? can make all those dreams come true if you volunteer with us on Saturday. That sounds creepy. I don't remember that option in the menu when I used C4D...you must've unlocked an easter egg! You should have got The Egg to order it with his educational discount.
gills makin me mind her while she washes the big tank... II HATE they scare me :( <3 :( so sad they make big gills at each other!! This morning when I worke up I saw Carerra' gills bleeding. I don't know anymore. I don't want him to die :( Aww man. Dan Brown schooled me on dolphins. Sharks have gills, dolphins dont. What am I, ten? Haha why did I think dolphins had gills?! :P meh yea thats the one huge drawback :( but i like those gills on the back of it that open up..nifty idea Either that or you all have weird gills with a mank filter :P hahaha no more seafood your gonna grow fins and gills im gonna make you eat Italian food or Mexican food or a burger lol :P got an awful headache, this sicky i was gonna pull may be genuine. really want to go to gills 21st but :(
Nick lays out 5 types of "social capitalists": bricklayer, hustler, pundit, socialite, goer. off to go see a robot bricklayer and then a screening of BRATS. (two titles I was given as a bricklayer's laborer at 13 $27 one time = $216 monthly residual 1st month in 2plus7.. not bad for a bricklayer!! I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer.my favorite.and I just spent the better of the morning writing McCoy(and Kirk)so I know it. God damn it Jim, I'm a doctor not a bricklayer!! heeheehee that's right I feel very safe with u even if u do swear just as good as a bricklayer in a white van! Bricklayer's Beautiful Daughter (US) by Will Ackerman (Returning) I come from Bremen (Deutshland) bin 46j. old, 198cm tall and of professional, I am a bricklayer. There are bricks on the inside of this house. If I were a bricklayer I would be stoked. u must not know ur agemate ehn? i can slap u...bricklayer oshi Bricklayer Apprentice 2nd, 3rd Or Gary the bricklayer Gotta love the footy show! "saw that goths mam earlier, christ she looks like a bloke, fucking hell I'm more feminine. she looks like a fucking bricklayer" - my dad Gd graffiti from loo door in Bricklayer's Arms off Tott. Ct Rd: "Tenor horn rules the world". Spending a delicious day in bed with my husband and my 'puter. Almost ready to watch a doccie on an anarchist Spanish bricklayer. Odd ftw! "...I don't think a satirist has any greater obligation to society than a bricklayer or anybody else." - Shel Silverstein
PPR 101 in houston oct 17th wanting espouser on ,@mtv, and contact for details!!! PPR 101 in houston oct 17th wanting espouser on ,@mtv, and contact for details!!! I look at the Emaraties teenagers and think about the kind of espouser that they're having in their adolescence!! PS3 and Dhishdash!! PPR 101 in houston oct 17th wanting espouser on ,@mtv, and contact for details!!! PPR 101 in houston oct 17th wanting espouser on ,@mtv, and contact for details!!! PPR 101 in houston oct 17th wanting espouser on ,@mtv, and contact for details!!! PPR 101 in houston oct 17th wanting espouser on ,@mtv, and contact for details!! PPR 101 in houston oct 17th wanting espouser on ,@mtv, and contact for details!!! PPR 101 in houston oct 17th wanting espouser on ,@mtv, and contact for details!!! PPR 101 in houston oct 17th wanting espouser on ,@mtv, and contact for details!!! he is the contact for the PPR 101 in houston oct 17th wanting espouser on ,@mtv, and
cuz i show no emotion 2wards ur dumbness. when i say i dont care. im not lyin i seriously DONT CARE lOl Shut your mouth, your dumbness smells. dumbness right!smh look on your profile dumbness ghost!!! welcome in the club of dumbness hehe !! Oh man Life is good Roland Emmerich's crap makes money. The truly horrific thing is that he's WRITTEN it too. Expect extra heaping dumbness. u r a mess!!! At least now we know who was behind the random dumbness!! Lol I expected so much more from YOU!! Lol Quote my Dad: "Today's the last Thursday of the month"... I knew where my dumbness comes from... =D watcha doin??....what color seat r u on?? =P plz mind my dumbness haha well excuse my dumbness I hate the feeling of trying to figure out what dumbness I did last night. Why oh why did I insist on showing the my underwear? I hate the feeling of trying to figure out what dumbness you did last night. Why oh why did I insist on showing the my underwear? .@twiteryeanot too many people waving their red rag of dumbness in front of me OKAY, I should watch more Jonas and laugh my ass off at Kevin's dumbness. XD Okay and srsly, Joe's hot! Old skool pinky all day Pinky or Cherokee?? fuck just oral im talking overall dumbness on the dick... Pinky or Cherokee?? fuck just oral im talking overall dumbness on the dick __ pinky offtop Pinky or Cherokee?? fuck just oral im talking overall dumbness on the dick... Pinky or Cherokee?? fuck just oral i talking overall dumbness on the dick... you better call soon, im about to go to sleep. i dont care what kinda dumbness youve done.. i still love you That's dumbness. Are you thinking of another platform now? $1.99 for an 8x10 is not a good way to earn your keep... Home at last! I hate that feeling of dumbness, What to do? do ppl ask dumb questions and get mad when the answer makes them see their dumbness? remember the day i deleted my myspace, was thoroughly pissed/annoyed with the irrelevance, contradicting, frank DUMBNESS of people's updates is it that you try and go in (with dumbness) but when I go in with logical shit, you mad and emotional. I just want u to be successful I seriously hate having to hear stupid ppl talk around me...bout to put on my headphones so this dumbness don't rub off on to me I wasn't calling anyone dumb. They were, that was my point! Dumbness is not limited to women-but you know that. Dumbness is not limited to women-but you know that. calls {from work} he'll have a 'coniption'." me; " is that even a word?!' mom; weird smirk. proof of dumbness. :pp ;hahahaha dumbness(: oh welll little kids(: ... Would it be bad to crochet my son a clone wars set? I hate to add to the dumbness that star wars has become, but I'd be so cool to him. i am gettin tyred of this boy and his dumbness but wateva lyfe goes on i GUESS?????????? Amazing...some web educators are really proud about their dumbness. People need to get over themselves.. Jus to say rando0om Dumbness On twitter for no apparent reason.. Fail.. Ahy vamos otra vez...... Back to the gay world of chemistry and dumbness! LOL it's ok! ... please excuse my dumbness today. I've been pretty much a fail whale all week. Liked: "sometimes you're sometimes you're dumb. When plan for dumbness" Plat do philosophers search for the answer of their philosphical questions if they won't get it?? For me that's just dumbness ... Smh... Boy oh boy.. The dumbness in this world!!! Well, of 2 class :) BCUZ MY EX'S B GETTIN ON TWITTER READ'N MY TWEETS SEEIN WHAT I BE DOIN THEN HIT'N ME UP WIT THAT OL' DUMBNESS. I'MA CAN I LIVE????$$ I know that's right!!! Eff the dumbness Wow yur not kidding about the dumbness lol Deshawn Stevenson's new tattoos are a CLEAR indication why the Wizards can't win a thing....pure dumbness! dumbness.. I've been using Xobni for over a year ( 1/2?) but have only just realised it spells Inbox backwards. Sometimes I stun myself at my dumbness. I feel your pain. I feel like all I do is work and tweet about dumbness. I need a vacation... :-P Roman Polanski. Shouldn't there be some consequence for raping a girl and evading the law for 30 years? Celebrities defend, more dumbness. lmao i just wrote sum dumbness about gucci lyric smh sad yo wtf this is some dumbness, my 2 weeks is so about to be put in
germany and ireland are some pretty badass places to have ancestry from... thanks, ancestors! /cheer on hitting 80! Strength and Honor! For our ancestors! as of next week, i officially have 3 jobs. my distant Jamaican ancestors would be sooo proud. Ireland, Began as a pagan holiday for people to remember their ancestors. The Modern Man - No Time to Stand and Stare!: Times have changed, gone are the days when our ancestors used to .. And it is only our privilige to say, "this is made here in Indonesia, at home. My ancestors designed it for me." I caved to the pressure of "Asian-ing it up" and got cookies for NACA. My not-Chinese ancestors are spinning in their graves. Fossils radically alter ideas about the look of man's earliest ancestors -- Day 1/365 -'We do not inherit the from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children', Native American proverb Day 1/365 -'We do not inherit the from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children', Native American proverb Do you know we were set up 2 hate our own race, we as blak people don't even like or ancestors wit comments like that But I refuse to believe that my ancestors were apes & evolved into humans over time!! Was God using trial & error method? NO! when your ancestors possibly sold my ancestors to Europeans... huh? was that a bit too much? i digress..<-LOL! "Gifts From the Ancestors: Ancient Ivories of Bering Strait," opens Oct. 4 at the Princeton University Museum. "Gifts From the Ancestors: Ancient Ivories of Bering Strait," opens Oct. 4, at the Princeton University Museum. What the Lascaux Cave Paintings Tell Us About How Our Ancestors Understood the Stars What the Lascaux Cave Paintings Tell Us About How Our Ancestors Understood the Stars David Cameron 'upper-middle-class'? How many royal ancestors do you need before you're called upper class? when your ancestors possibly sold my ancestors to Europeans... huh? was that a bit too much? i digress... We do not inherit the from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children. ~Native American Proverb So that's how our ancestors should have looked like? But I can tell you some people that think like an ape Not ancestors.....COUSINS!!: Before Lucy came Ardi, new earliest hominid found - Yahoo! News my point: calling Ardi "it" v. "she" touches MSM squeamishness about both ape-like primates as our ancestors women as people new on my blog Meet the ancestors: I was very interested to see this news item about the discover.. What the Lascaux Cave Paintings Tell Us About How Our Ancestors ... - Environmental Graffiti: Lascaux is a Worl.. Sorry ancestors, caffeine reload with green tea isn't anywhere near as tasty as having a latte. They will say, ''Where is this 'coming' he promised? Ever since our ancestors died, everything goes on as it... but his ancestors were Danish :) Forget the economy & health care. This is news! Fossils radically alter ideas about the look of mans earliest ancestors Ancestors - it meant becoming a eukaryotic organism. Evolution isn't about growing bigger, it's about the best adaptions Update over at The Way It Wasn't...Alta, Ancestors, Ann. "Poets are a different kind of animal, you know." : I have called upon my ancestors for strength and it has been given to me and I pass it on to my ancestors were two groups of ancestors beefed out to the point where one was like 'fuck it, we out!' and then that's what made apes and humans, lol?! BREAKING: God tests our faith within another cleverly planted fossil of our ancestors. BREAKING: God tests our faith within another cleverly planted fossil of our ancestors. maybe it's in our genes as females to be found dead alone, lol, while the males "disappear" why do they never find male ancestors?! even our ancestors were a little bit chubby I thought we were all descendants of that funny little Eve creature. Apparently, 'Ardi' is like, this ancestor of all ancestors o_O I am of african descent so i have the longest line of ancestors? i wouldn't date an american white dude. his ancestors raped mine for long enough. Ethnic Europeans can get it tho.... Pretty amazing - Fossils radically alter ideas about the look of man's earliest ancestors Scientist have made a major breakthrough in finding human ancestors. Great. Another person that's gonna want $$ when I win the lottery. canadian history.. oh how you bore me.. sorry ancestors, i guess im more about the future Poinsett surname via paternal ancestors slaveholder- French Hugenots who owned huge plantations in SouthEast US SMN Metal News Update: Ancestors Premiere Sample of 14-Minute Long Song "The Trial" The mistranslation of the slogan "Come alive with the Pepsi Generation" in Chinese: "Pepsi will bring your ancestors back from the grave." We are living on the shoulders of our ancestors.
who fed me beer? *shakes fist* damn you! who fed me beer!?!?? oh. i did. :( *kerplunk*zzZZzzzZZZZzzZZ LOL This just in: driving while texting or use of farm machinery banned for Fed Workers, as well as working while on the job New blog post: Obama Administration Bans Fed Employees From Texting-and-Driving oh please! If you have to be spoon fed what to think, then you ARE a dipshit! Go watch Bill O'Reilly for your talking pnts. WTF? Wisconsin Tourism Fed becomes Tourism Fed of WI Foreign central banks' US debt holdings rise-Fed ugh i'm fed up with fiddle. you are HOPELESS R Fed Gov't is doing 2 "We the ppl" what we originally fled from in England. Complete house cleaning needed. DJN: Fed's Pianalto: Pace Of Fed Pullback Depends On How Econ Conditions Un... WHy THe Fed Secrecy For decades we have let a central bank control the value of .. It's October & I'm home n fed! Pasta, chicken n tomato. Yumm! Thing's got hot, you sent FED'S to my spot... Fed. Now time to think about a shower. Really fed up with manipulative people who act like brats to get their way. The Fed's Ponzi Scheme Has Run Out sounds like has gotten a bit fed up with this pregnancy rumor Aye Over fed me....now. I wanna take a nap lol Why not? As long as we get fed and FREE medical care! Oh no, that's socialism. What to do? Oh my! LOL Ranchers face hurdles to marketing grass fed beef So Much Stronger Than I Use To Be;I Didnt Know My Own Strength Until I Was Fed Up;I Was Headed Down Death Road Goin ... So Much Stronger Than I Use To Be;I Didnt Know My Own Strength Until I Was Fed Up;I Was Headed Down Death Road Goin ... Banks trim use of emergency Fed programs - The Associated Press Just fed my family mouldy corn. Hopefully we don't all get fumonisin poisoning. Organic, grass fed, free range beef that I can see out my window is bound to be bad for the worms. Clev Fed Pres Pianalto states that recovery will be gradual and bumpy and that slack in economy will keep inflation expectations contained. Or when you get fed up with the "counselor" and knock him out, talking bout D.I.G...DIG! [bnet] Fed Backing For Council Seen Boosting Reform Chances - By Kevin Drawbaugh WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Congression... K-Fed Being Paid $100,000 To Slim Down On Celebrity Fit Club! K-Fed Being Paid $100,000 To Slim Down On Celebrity Fit Club! K-Fed Being Paid $100,000 To Slim Down On Celebrity Fit Club! News Lacker: Fed may hike before jobless rate falls: NEW YORK (Reuters) - The jobless rate does not have to.. She's massive and fed up - counting the days until she can enjoy a glass of red wine! Speak soon :) Asked check out why Chuck Schumer helped write bloggers out of Fed Shield Law. The results: OMG, Obama Exec Order fed txtg while drving ROFL!: Text of Obama's Executive Order banning .. Fed employees may no longer text while driving (but can they still drink?0 raked and seeded side lawn, fed and walked dog, fed horses and barn cats, had a quick bite to eat, feels good to sit FED BY WAY TOO FUCKING MANY ILLINOIS NAZIS. REINSTALLING DOS 3.1. U-722. - What is this thing people call bed? I can't seem to think with my head. It's been a while since I've been fed. No words left can be said. to fed. Gov. Like any other customer. Register on CCR -central contract registry-says SBA Mills Speaking of feeding the homeless, I fed a a homeless man trying to hitchhike in a wheelchair... gave him a taco... he was genuinely thankful Financial Reform More Likely After Fed Changes Its Tone: Fairly fed up with post strike, it has delayed the delivery of my CD and the payment of my travel expenses. Riz Khan interviews on the Fed & US foreign policy "The US Role on the World Stage" just ground beef 3 x a day (instead of protein shake) cooked in extra tallow (all grass fed), plus a meal first 2 wk New Century Bank attempting to raise capital to meet fed order Criss Angel is a legend. Hancuffed into a box while being fed into wood chipper. 15 seconds to escape. Class Just washed & fed my baby... Gettin ready for my ROAD TRIP!! On the real tho! If I miss Mothers Fish tonight Ima be flying 1st class free the rest of the year. <--Fed Ex me some fish!!
In the Beginning There Was Underwear Imma and Teresa as they bounce between transient affairs . if a mans focus is on the transient so then will his interest & whats gd abt him will also B transient Awesome, was the XML Parsing Error there intentional or transient? News update: Social worker allegedly assaulted in Whitefield: WHITEFIELD -- A 47-year-old transient.. 500 Days of Summer is yet another movie about the transient nature of love that offers no hope but the endless search for static love. The ice cock fears not the finiteness of time nor it's transient existence. This is the first time I've really felt somewhat dissatisfied with being in Prague. I'm sure it's a transient feeling that will subside. (@gold_mouse) Sydney and Melbourne tix up for sale. I'm transient half away around the world for 2 shows you guys better have place there. Sydney and Melbourne tix up for sale. I'm transient half away around the world for 2 shows you guys better have place there. Fuck this Church's Bus, man. This is a bullshit gimmick to get transient lowlifes to eat chicken. This whole experience has given me cancer. Yeah, everything's going to be rather transient after this academic year's done, so we wait and try to make some money. <3 Product Update: Easily identify your product's active users (and your transient users too) - Have lost a few followers while away. Fickle transient types no doubt. Not loyal class-acts like you guys. Oh no. Especially you. everything is transient. I'm renting the movie ;) I use a trio of mac apps: the hit list, ical, and sidenote. But always adding and deleting items feels too... transient. Officials: Social Worker Sexually Assaulted In Whitefield: A transient is in jail, charged with gross sexual as.. Danko Jones. Chili dogs. Cops in the front of the building running off barking transient folks. How's your day? Sometimes, feelings and their meanings seem so transient Question from fellow developer:"what is transient attribute, are we already using them?" Tall Pines Campground in Police Clear Mexican Immigrant Of Trying To Lure Teen Girl: Police have cleared a transient worker from Mexico .. Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Radio Transient Sky: Organisation: CSIRO Australia Telescope Na.. I have no idea how you would express the idea in 140 chars but "transient" is your friend. Now Playing: "Transient Happiness" (DOPING PANDA) Permanent pop-up at Planeshop is a transient retail concept that sees different brands taking over the.. we believe in a unique identity that depends on our name, titles, status, credit cards, but this is a fragile and transient security... Beauty: the transient loveliness of effervescent creation, which inspires poetry and draws its witnesses to stand in awe. What is the difference between fashion and style? Fashion is transient, style is intrinsic. Peer & text reminders lead to only transient improvements in adherence but isn't 100% unreasonable endpoint? Q&A with Sebrina Fassbender on photographing transient women of the "old" East Village (NYC): Two transient men asked me for $ for food. I offered them my salad. One said, "You eat it. You need your B vitamins!" LoL btw it means 'fleeting', 'transient' I'm sick of working ten hours. Wish I had it easy like Eat burgers and play on his pc every day. Ayumi G & Nguyen SS (2009) Stress-induced senescence in response to manuscript writing and transient barrier to scientific vocabulary. every time i sneeze i get a transient bilateral palpebral twitch. after 8 weeks of neuro, i should know exactly why. (via Just taking a moment to reflect upon: In the presence of eternity, the mountains are as transient as the clouds. what is this about!! i was sound asleep! haha anw why so emo about transient friendships all! haha chill babe:D We are now dealers for Transient Bag Co. Awesome Hip Pouches. Is being organized, a mental state or a physical state and are they by nature transient states? ie. Is entropy the new cool? Is being organized, a mental state or a physical state and are they by nature transient states? ie. Is entropy the new cool? Video - Pro Tools: How to make and move Edit selections using key commands, tab and tab to transient he's a transient. will mind his food but thats all. georgio was a pet :-( l have to get a puppy. The world will end in 2012 because there will be a transient on Venus!!! lol on whyte, being a transient as usual accomplishments are transient. We could, however, take pride in what we have - rather than creating transient, topical, content-free pap that only we care about. I'm Contemplating God's presence "My mind is aglow with whirling, transient nodes of thought careening through a cosmic vapor of invention."
I've got two places to be tonight at the same time - makes me very aware of my lack of ubiquitousness. Just saying... 3 out 4 TV shows I watched tonight mentioned Facebook. (gossip girl, last week's heroes and entourage) Plug or ubiquitousness? What is the opinion of the fitness industry on flavors? Is there an awareness level of their ubiquitousness & composition? Netflix everywhere: the ubiquitousness of its service, the of the Roku...and an end to cable?
The joyousness of finding a lawyer. Decided that Blue October should be categorized as "Melancholy Joyousness" SUKKOT IN HAIKU: Solemn Yom Kippur / Is followed by joyousness / A week of ... - While I await for the moment eh frozen under spectated joyousness.. Do you envy what flabbergast you? I am overjoyed at the fact that Weebles has been adopted! My immune system, however.. not a cause for joyousness. Cheno on GLEE tonight! Cheno on GLEE tonight! This is just an overwhelming amount of joyousness =) Oops, left out the key point - how the heck do you get there to see the dancing and joyousness? thanks to Heike (who will never see this) - has been a great friend throughout this year, with infectious warmth and joyousness Tits tassels and joyousness!!! Xxx You must see your unnecessary worrying as depriving U of the flowing effectiveness & joyousness that you should have in yr life.K Keyes, Jr out of coffee soon and checking out the latest in and photo mags - joyousness, unadulterated pleasure ! ;) IT IS FRIDAY!!!! My joyousness knew no bounds......until I found out Michigan Promise is being terminated. Thanks Granholm. but just think of tonight's joyousness!
press on your eyes till you see stuff. I see checkerboards and fractals press on your eyes till you see stuff. I see checkerboards and fractals THINGS TO BE HAPPY ABOUT - slowing down checkerboards what makes you proud a morning happily wasted sunlight... I nooo it makess. U c checkerbOards !! XD Checkerboards, bingo wheels & bowling pins. A round-up of vintage and modern parlor games with great design potential.
I empathize. I totally empathize with his boredom of life. I need challenges to feel good about myself That's sad to hear. I know how much you love your pets, and I totally empathize. :: hugs :: Wow, can I empathize. I remember attending LONG labors and scrubbing so often that my hands were bright red. rereading new moon was a lot harder than it should have been. i didn't expect to empathize so strongly with bella. Been in that situation before, and i totally empathize. Frustrating like nobody's business Thursday Thought: You know when you empathize with a soap character or a friend, thinking, 'If I were you....' - more of, 'if I were me....' that SUCKS balls!! I had one of those moments last week with a RAID rebuild(I empathize with you 120%) Trust me... from someone who hates vacuuming... I can totally empathize... A good one makes all the difference. 1/2 Empathy is not sympathy; it's the ability to understand the feelings of another; to empathize is not to condone. We empathize with you See "Powerpoint is the anti typography" (via because travels, I can empathize, but only on a very small scale. So happy for you! and though I empathize about ur damaged luggage I'm sure it did not involve the safety of ur child. u can't understand my situation if u have not experienced it. U can only empathize. Get well soon!I've pneumonia so I cn empathize w/u about being sick.U seem so healthy.I'm USED 2 being sick so it's easier 4 me. "While I empathize with your need to reduce anxiety, I think you need to pace yourself when it comes to alcohol consumption" -Professor X sexualcabinetry: Black cats. I empathize. Mona does the same thing. I have a theory that all black ca... I can empathize. When I first wake up, coffee is usually on my mind as well. Black cats. I empathize. Mona does the same thing. I have a theory that all black cats are actually one omnidimensional cat. I think human beings have a duty to empathize with the victim. Polanski is a sick, pathetic, overprivileged fugitive. We empathize with you See "Powerpoint is the anti typography" I'd say I'm a fan (she has potential) but not many are. I can empathize w/ her. Writers have a duty to empathize with Polanski. [Sex w/13 year old???? Not bloody likely.] I empathize. Totally.... We empathize with you See "Powerpoint is the anti typography" srsly? srsly? Writers have a duty to empathize with Polanski. srsly? srsly? Writers have a duty to empathize with Polanski. omg! That is too much! I'm sorry you gotta go through that. I have been cheated on b4 so I empathize. Do u need anything? - why have to ask for money. As a solo attorney, I empathize - I can't live by always working pro bono. Seriously? Blog: Writers have a duty to empathize with Polanski. Seriously? Blog: Writers have a duty to empathize with Polanski. Blog: Writers have a duty to empathize with Polanski. I was contemplating emailing you an email full of symbols. I thought that would so hilarious. Yet! I will behave myself, and empathize No I'm not. I empathize. this is a great for raider fans to acknowledge. I empathize as a Mets fan. Many of the same issues there. Profound shifts come when people empathize emotionally with other people - Lucas Welch Profound shifts come when people empathize emotionally with other people - Lucas Welch Profound [cultural, political] shifts come when people empathize emotionally with other people. Profound shifts come when people empathize emotionally with other people - Lucas Welch at Profound shifts come when people empathize emotionally with other people - Lucas Welch at HAHA :-D TimmyEPIC: My head-set is malfunctioning. I completely empathize. My head-set is malfunctioning. I completely empathize. I'm not really the same way, I do empathize with animals. But I also have to recognize the process of food, as I am a carnivore. I empathize with you and boy do I know the feeling. But you are a doll naturally so dont feel so bad. I empathize. Feel better soon! Also, I hear The Descent doesn't get better. I'm sorry. you moved too? Still in the I empathize with the old syndrome, we finally turned in our keys yesterday. that's completely understandable...i empathize with u! Since when is the inability to empathize with other people an attractive trait? Same deal with twelve-inch cocks... what the fuck, ladies? This is NOT abt u Chumile....bt I empathize on the stalker bit....wait...am envious actually
evicted for bad debts or suddenly getting locked up in a military detention camp on vague charges of being a Terrorist sympathizer." I never said sympathizer. He fails to grasp that the Burmese economy is controlled by the junta & does not benefit the people. And nothing about Myint-U's op-ed piece indicates a junta sympathizer - friend: a person whom one knows well and is fond of;an sympathizer. NO DON'T HAVE ANY OF THOSE BY DEFINITION Helen Keller: Nazi Sympathizer. Keep an eye [and an ear] out for it. Can you make it pop up in my Gmail inbox? :-/ I feel like a whore for convenience. I'm like a sympathizer. Polanski. Though "Safe School Czar" Kevin Jennings would make a superb sympathizer/apologist. ;) Is disgusted with UND and their racist logo maintained by a dead nazi-sympathizer. Google or wiki Fighting Sioux and see what I mean. Cockatiel Sympathizer > no way, I have a nail gun and will use it. AWSOME!!! Ur not one of dem Cockatiel Sympathizer is ya? Key to getting a really good interview out of a sympathizer? Another round. Will post in the next week w details on how you could be next! Whoopie is definitely a pedophile sympathizer But regardless, you are a PS3ist Sympathizer. You shall be obstructed and detained for insubordination to the third code. A Montreal man accused of being an al-Qaida sympathizer, imprisoned and placed under surveillance for six years wants .. If I hear one more Roman Polanski sympathizer, I'll freaking SCREAM! Interviewing my first sympathizer! PLZ CHECK OUT ISLAMIC EXTREMIST SYMPATHIZER YT user musicaykay on this VIDEO: Pt4 easy to believe that it wasn't a nationally-known commie sympathizer but the raging right that murdered the pres. If LHO hadn't easy to believe that it wasn't a nationally-known communist sympathizer but the raging right that murdered the pres. If LHO hadn't Believe it or not, this is a US naval base in San Diego. Maybe the architect was a Nazi sympathizer . Believe it or not, this is a building on a US naval base in San Diego. Maybe the architect was a Nazi sympathizer . PSA: If you are a right wing asshole, or a right wing asshole sympathizer, my feed is probably not for you. I don't understand how or where I am sounding like a nazi sympathizer if sounding like a nazi sympathizer and hating QT is your goal then you are doing swimmingly to me Take two Jimmy one Richard Nixon, add a dash of community sympathizer, stir and we got Obama. I never have to look hard for material on sympathizer Glenn Wreck. There is too much material on him. Thanks though. Obama shouldn't b allowed back into US , Because he's Terrorist Sympathizer being derelict of all duties Hey, I wonder if I'm related to this guy? George Gordon Belt, soldier, businessman, judge, Confederate sympathizer It's to be a problem solver, but if you're not also a problem sympathizer, you'll always be solving problems alone. It's 2 B a problem solver, but if U're not also a problem sympathizer, U'll always B solving problems alone. It's to be a problem solver, but if you're not also a problem sympathizer, you'll always be solving problems a ... It's to be a problem solver, but if you're not also a problem sympathizer, you'll always be solving problems alone. where have you been are you a terrorist sympathizer or somethng were you born in this country if so I am sadden is interviewing PC on CNN-IBN. He says K Ghandy is a Maoist sympathizer, PC corrected him saying he is a politburo member. For a redskins sympathizer...oops I mean fan...shutting up is not usually possible. Unless u lose to the lions then u have nada to say Very cool! (ambidextrous sympathizer) yo sinister sister! I am a sympathizer of what is best for the nation. Not what is best for personal gain and interest. ur question is not better. well, it is if ur a leftist sympathizer. i'm not obvs. That's ok, I'm sure you're not the only anti-semitic sympathizer on Twitter... Nazi. ROBOT SYMPATHIZER! lol, so mental patient and nazi sympathizer is now accusing me of death threats. I think he should darwin. Game was a lot of fun. Played as Helo. Turned out to be a Cylon Sympathizer. Go figure. :p Halo ODST is brilliant and anyone who disagrees is filthy Covenant sympathizer scum Far from being a Naxal sympathizer, dont you think our political class is the prime reason for all this mess... Far from being a Naxal sympathizer, dont you think our political class is the prime reason behind this mess... Obama is either a of a Muslim cell or a Muslim sympathizer. He has shown he hates USA. Yeah I know. I showed the joys of impalement today. Look for a fun new technique at a rebel sympathizer's soon. you are a sympathizer! You lame college kids are so mindless you voted for Obama cuz you feel bad that you're white. Hey Thanks for the follow. Just changed my user name from to You don't go changing, though! :) Not to confuse anyone, I've changed my user name to Please bid adieu to Hey! I turned myself! I'm my own child!
thanks to everyone who's watched, and empathized with the patients and doctors we featured here: thanks to everyone who's passed on, watched, and empathized with the patients and doctors we featured here: Empathy is the only shield to arrogance, and there is no one who cant be empathized with. Am I old & crotchety? I empathized a bit w/ the cop. Hecklers sounded self-righteous. skater arrest vid me too! totally empathized with that i had no idea i empathized with onions so much, but my god i am bawling my eyes out Perhaps you relate because you've experienced the emotion/empathized for someone else's emotion, w/e the case, let it all out. Congratulations, Mr. Lee. As a fellow, um "aged" gamer (36), I empathized with your opinions and insight. Congratulations! A Caterpillar's Mug. I wish we all empathized more with the little guys. My appreciation goes to those who empathized on the recent calamity that hit the Philippines...May God bless you. empathized the victims of calamity Ondoy... But we can feel how Filipinos help each other during this time posted by MarieDigby "typical me, so many perfect possibilities and yet i still want what's unattainable." I've never empathized so much.. The caste is empathized I'm finally home, thanks to all those who replied and empathized with my day's hellish journey, NJ fuckin blows
Did you get a paint chip from the jungle gym for his homeopathic treatment? :P
[Now Playing] 2NE1 - In the Club [Soon to Come] Koike Teppei - Love Lighter, Ayumi Hamasaki - EnergizE Signs of recovery energize resource and metal funds: Both gain an average of nearly 11 per cent, but managers s.. Tired... at work. FML. I need a nap to energize myself for THIRSTY THURSDAYS!!!!! MAN HAIL YEAA!!!! i love going to meetings like this that energize me, pun intended! gemstone jewelry combines beauty and power - soothe, ground, manifest, heal, energize, love, joy 10%Off 4/friends Vegas! Energize tonite! Flow, Candlelight, Ashtanga, Basics and Yoga with Live Music at our great east & west studios Not in the greatest of moods today - need downtime to re-energize - too much co-workers mission complete i did everything i need to do and know its time to rest and eat some something to re-energize the ... gemstone jewelry combines beauty and power - soothe, ground, manifest, heal, energize, love, joy 10%Off 4/friends nun is betta den a gud workout wen u mad nd den have nice meal to re energize u to do some sooooo im finna go bck t ... - - my hott wife & my hott me & our 12th story view Room 1234 is where the at! day 2! With Ps Sacha Pace preaching in this morning's session you know it's going to be an amazing day!! enjoy your rest cutie... "time 2 energize" :o) besos enjoy your rest cutie... "time with energize" :o) besos Effective Strategies to Empower and Energize Activist Groups (from the Let Live Conference 09)- HTActivity: Ron Zwerin added a blog post: Ron Zwerin added a blog postAerobics Flash Mobs Energize C.. Move your furniture 2 re-energize your home. Shift the furniture from its usual place by about 18". This forces energy of the space to shift A safer alternative to energize your home! College students are like candy bars. They energize me when I talk to them, but as soon as they leave, I'm exhausted. A safer alternative to energize your home! A safer alternative to energize your home! gemstone jewelry combines beauty and power - soothe, ground, manifest, heal, energize, love, joy 10%Off 4/friends gemstone jewelry combines beauty and power - soothe, ground, manifest, heal, energize, love, joy 10%Off 4/friends How do we re-energize disillusioned race fans? We can't fix NASCAR, but what _can_ one race track do? What do fans want from their weekend? TV: a hobby cook does tai chi in the kitchen to energize the food, then cuts an apple with a katana. Russian carrier taps augmented reality to energize campaign Will GLADLY do it! Time to energize, mobilize and take it all back! ok. Orange Juice to Energize the day 4 Me. I don't know how to do a womans hair. A Pony tail...and yeah I said That Bitch! nice to see Jean back with you. Tell her see looks very vivacious energize after her vacation. Tweet for innovative ideas to energize your brand. Custom and out of the box! Visit How? Obama energized us, maybe it's our turn to energize *him* 3) leadership-envision, energize, enable Obama energized us, maybe it's our turn to energize *him* Obama energized us, maybe it's our turn to energize *him* Maybe you should take a nap. That should re-energize you ; ) Bio-magnetictherapy: Bio-Magnetic Magnetic Water. Ease all your pain and energize your body. Bio-magnetictherapy: Bio-Magnetic Magnetic Water. Ease all your pain and energize your body. is at a loss for words... I should hit the sheets and re-energize for tomorrow... goodnight dear twitterrers! >(.^__^.)< to those who me and those who don't ... I energize off of hate. Haters. gemstone jewelry combines beauty and power - soothe, ground, manifest, heal, energize, love, joy 10%Off 4/friends working on very little sleep, need to re-energize. HELP!!!! Our thoughts have the power to lift us up or drag us down; they have the power to energize or deplete us, to... a few days off to write and demo. energize! Russian carrier taps augmented reality to energize campaign Russian carrier taps augmented reality to energize campaign gemstone jewelry combines beauty and power - soothe, ground, manifest, heal, energize, love, joy 10%Off 4/friends Entrepreneurs ....Special Event...Energize Your Life and Businesss this Saturday morning with Dr. Bill Crawford Info@
Homeopathy under attack again - The Age News If you missed the webinar on Homeopathy - I've posted it here: Homeopathy Plus - Hepatitis B Vaccine Causes Neurologic Harm You had said you were looking for scientific evidence re homeopathy, but I never heard back. Did you give up? Homeopathy Plus - Hepatitis B Vaccine Causes Neurologic Harm Homeopathy under attack again - The Age News Homeopathy Plus - Hepatitis B Vaccine Causes Neurologic Harm Doctors in Mexico City Cured 2009 Swine Flu with Homeopathy Homeopathy home visits in Brockley & Sydenham then Bromley NYR clinic today. Busy, yet rewarding day for Alastair Hay! Healing Unleashed Health Services was just updated by HealingUnleashed - - massage wo... Homeopathy under attack again - The Age News I know I shouldn't be angry that Iceland's largest newspaper dedicated 8 pages to the glory of homeopathy, but I can't help it. Homeopathy under attack again - The Age News nope its clear...mum treated him wid Homeopathy....I gotta go now...needs me to open the catflap for him...milkin it!! People will refuse to take it as its 'drug companies ripping them off' and turn to some snakeoil homeopathy or such and people still reject my sacrifice for religion, homeopathy, violence and ignorance. Got the flu, call a homeopath for relief. Listings for practitioners are found @ the National Center for Homeopathy. WOMEN DISEASES (Homeopathy) Sickening world. Free newspaper has printed every page pink. HuffPo advocates homeopathy (now that's the last straw). New blog post: An Introduction To Homeopathy Right then, I knew that I was born to preach the benefits of homeopathy. Remind me why isn't homeopathy banned yet? Made my hair stand on end: Ignorance "faith" in altrnativ med=disaster! Homeopathy, Herbs And Hypnosis Common Practices In Complementary And Alternative Medicine [Kyleyx]: Homeopathy,.. Gastro-intestinal Problems and for Irritable Bowel Syndrome There should be a homeopathy song: "All it takes is one molecule / In a sea of many / Too make a change / ... " :) Homeopathy Plus - Hepatitis B Vaccine Causes Neurologic Harm Homeopathy - is it the real deal, or scientific bunkum? Take a look at both and Homeopathy - alternative medicine care homeopathy and the healing power of water Homeopathy for Swine Flu Prevention and Cure homeopathy and the power of water Homeopathy under attack again - The Age News Homeopathy Plus - Hepatitis B Vaccine Causes Neurologic Harm The Menace & Treatment wants to know what medicine do you prefer - Allopathy, ayurveda or homeopathy?? Homeopathy under attack again - The Age News When I was 20 yeas old. I had discover the homeopathy - that had saved my life. Today I want to help you save yours. I always found Uranus to be more indicative of sexual expression :-P Benign prostatic hyperplasia and urinary difficulties Schwabe taking cold worse from change of the weather RUMEX Schwabe Treat your Dermatitis with - and Soft Tissue Problems electro-homeopathy practice
Don't like a disorganized mess? Clean it the fuck up. I'm having the hardest time ordering my photo gallery. I upload in the correct order & it ends up disorganized. Frustrating Hanging out at a book signing with Marcus, the sponsors of which didn't quite have their act together, things seemed quite disorganized wasted an entire week with a disorganized client. no wonder the economy sucks! Epic is a good word for this weekends bach for Adam. Epic failure that is. This is the most disorganized yahoos I have ever delt with. Caps finally making it to the Bruins end of the ice. Still feeling a little disorganized though. I swear they're so freakin disorganized. needa go do something with their lives. Ok twittaz, If you haven't discovered Ronald jenkees yet, go to iTunes right now and get his cd disorganized fun, mind blowing improve More words: Perceptive, intuitive, Natural, Spontaneous. Oh my... wait, what... 'Somewhat Disorganized'. D: hahaha Figured it would be a nice place to find good content on a fast network, like torrents, but meh. Very disorganized. Not my thing. Just canceled a meeting because I was too confused and disorganized to continue the meeting. And I have to get the books closed in 4 days. Do I really need GigaNews? No. I don't think I do. Too disorganized anyway. That'll save me some cash. R/T Sharing here by request: My rule for clients. You can be disorganized, you can even be stupid, but you cannot be an a--hole Sharing here by request: My rule for clients. You can be disorganized, you can even be stupid, but you cannot be an a--hole I don't want to be harsh, but Peter Gammons's latest blog on makes almost no sense whatsoever. Disorganized and hard to follow. As an adult coach I know there's many ADDers who're chronically disorganized but at today's conf not a single talk on ADHD thank you very much! I am actually about a year behind in posting 8-(. Disorganized a little. I know! And I can't blame anyone but myself for being disorganized in the mornings :-) Denis Jones wrote a fantastic essay on disorganized resistance. You should read it. Attending SCAG meeting in LA. Kind of disorganized today. Besides, Unholy doesn't hate them for being weaker than him, he hates them for being disorganized idiots. :P actually i was thinking "disorganized"... lol Nothing worse than disorganized mngmnt. I work for a major comp and I feel the same way sometimes... So... 2 more deliveries and 4 MORE boxes and still no hammer. 5 pieces of furniture making box messes. Overwhelmingly disorganized! I favorited a YouTube video -- 'disorganized fun' on a REALLY REALLY fun beat!! If you know someone who is chronically disorganized, this is a great reference site i guess i will. you know me...i like everything in the right place and now i am so disorganized. i have crap everywhere Did a weights workout for 1 hour and felt good. A little disorganized today. I only really did the machines I felt l... New blog post: The of a Disorganized Resistance going through my disorganized CD case to see which ones haven't been ripped to the computer yet. Man, this thing's huge. lol Already been called back to the school today, Hope forgot her ar book. She was so disorganized this morning. Lol- kids....gotta love them Well I can't help it, he has no clue what's going on w/ his projects, he's totally disorganized and yet he's the one that gets the bonuses? We just decided not to go. They were. Way too Italian, i.e. so disorganized. Too much $ for the risk of an utter disaster. Ugh she is so frusteratingly disorganized nap time now Cleaning up after the class. I can't believe the class was so disorganized today. UGH! Now, really. Is my blog so disorganized it's asking for comments on the wrong post? Can someone confirm for me? Now, really. Is my blog so disorganized it's asking for comments on the wrong post? Can someone confirm for me? I'm finding the whole prelude to boarding for my West flight quite disorganized. Give me Virgin any day. just fed my 3yr old Dairylea cheese spread on toast - no food at home, Tesco man not here til 3 - I am a bad and disorganized mummy being super disorganized I've just realised I have nowhere to park or sleep on Friday night Time Now To Resist By Disorganized Means; It Cannot Be Stopped. - I likes, I likes... Our home's full of boxes, plastics etc.. So disorganized! I cant take it.. -Update via SMS for FREE using Time Now To Resist By Disorganized Means; It Cannot Be Stopped. - right now I am at - the WORST most disorganized to transfer thru work is sucky right now!! ughhh way to disorganized! The of a Disorganized Resistance The day is over and I didn't get Wave yet. My life shall as yet remain wholly unproductive and disorganized. <-- me too The day is over and I didn't get Wave yet. My life shall as yet remain wholly unproductive and disorganized. Why aren't more Dems like Alan Grayson? they r disorganized !@BarackObama !@whitehouse
Why'd they stop there? I'dve totally gone for a million. I mean, the checkbook's out already. Criminals have no ambition.
Chronic Pain Treatments Work Better Together, Says Anesthesiologist - ASA Career Center- Anesthesiologist, Little Rock, AR Check out this post: I read a WSJ frm anesthesiologist who R not happy abt this. NO EPIDERAL 4 U Yours truly is on the hit TV show Private Practice season opener TONIGHT! I'm the Anesthesiologist in the O.R. - on ABC 10pm pst. Check i Chronic pain treatments work better together, says Queen's anesthesiologist The Pain Center Of Arizona PC has been selected for the 2009 Phoenix Award in the Anesthesiologist category by the US Commerce Association Yahoo! HotJobs: Anesthesiologist-Pain Consultants of anesthesiologist's office thinks i should pay for the epidural simply because the line was put in, even though it didn't work. major fail. Hiring a Anesthesiologist-Intensivist at South Shore Anesthesia Associates (Weymouth, MA) Qanta Ahmed: Sleepless Supernova: Propofol Lullabies in Neverland: That an anesthesiologist could be on tour wi.. Got out of surgery. The neurosurgeon and anesthesiologist were the bomb! So nice :) this day IS awesome. Now its time to go do paperwork Surprised to see how many Anesthesiologist job postings pop up on Twitter...lots of obscure places.. Hey You, I Updated Chronic pain treatments work better together, says anesthesiologist Anesthesiologist needed in South TX- Quick coverage!: An Anesthesiologist is needed in South Texas from June 22.. Anesthesiologist - Compass HealthCare Group - Brownsville, TX: South Padre Island Nearby! Rare Call Back. 1 in .. ASA Career Center- Anesthesiologist, Gen. cases in Central PA Hiring a Anesthesiologist Medical Billing at Ajilon Finance (Atlanta, GA) What are the requirements for becoming an anesthesiologist ASA Career Center- Anesthesiologist, Pain and Anesthesia in West PA Hiring a Anesthesiologist at Air National Guard (Denver, CO) Check out this post: Anesthesiologist at Air National Guard (Little Rock, AR): Be an Anesthesiologist in the Air Guard Job Summary A.. Hiring a Anesthesiologist at Air National Guard (Vancouver, WA) Hiring a Anesthesiologist at Air National Guard (West Mifflin, PA) Hiring a Anesthesiologist at Air National Guard (St Louis, MO) Hiring a Anesthesiologist at Air National Guard (Orlando, FL) Hiring a Anesthesiologist at Air National Guard (Sacramento, CA) Hiring a Anesthesiologist at Air National Guard (Littleton, CO) Hiring a Anesthesiologist at Air National Guard Lauderdale, FL) Hiring a Anesthesiologist at Air National Guard (Cleveland, OH) Hiring a Anesthesiologist at Air National Guard (Minneapolis, MN) Hiring a Anesthesiologist at Air National Guard (Tampa, FL) Hiring a Anesthesiologist at Air National Guard (Atlanta, GA) Hiring a Anesthesiologist at Air National Guard (Washington, DC) Hiring a Anesthesiologist at Air National Guard (Boston, MA) Chronic pain treatments work better together, says anesthesiologist: People who suffer from debilitating neuropathic pai Finished with all med info just warming mom and waiting fir surg nurse anesthesiologist and surgeon Chronic pain treatments work better together, says anesthesiologist Chronic pain treatments work better together, says anesthesiologist Check out this post: The anesthesiologist gave our mom an epidural. It should working in 10-15 minutes but she says she is already feeling better. Blood drawn (3.5 tubes, which is the most for me), waitin to meet w/ anesthesiologist! Will be late to next appt if they don't show up. At what point in the day does the anesthesiologist show up? Check out this post: oh good choice, very good choice from what I hear!!! I happen to love my anesthesiologist from when I had my babies!!! In fact, I'm
Hate moving! It's super stressful- can't find my chargers or adapters & broke 2 paintings &crushed a vintage glass lamp- the movers did! Got my digital adapters from Comcast today. Holy crap, Telemundo is even better!!! Print media late adapters should experiment with deploying content online. Wish I could help the Pennysaver shoppers do that. Just helped 3 college girls string together adapters and cords and bulbs for some paper lanterns. Prediction: they will cause a fire. sadly i've been there and done that. Those apple power adapters are stupidly expensive. gread: The Mini to HDMI Adapter Now Has Digital Audio [Adapters] The Mini to HDMI Adapter Now Has Digital Audio [Adapters] The Mini to HDMI Adapter Now Has Digital Audio [Adapters] (saw in Hi u know about these Comcast Digital Adapters they have in the Chicagoland area, and how to use a headless slingbox w/ 'em? The Mini to HDMI Adapter Now Has Digital Audio [Adapters] The Mini to HDMI Adapter Now Has Digital Audio [Adapters] The Mini to HDMI Adapter Now Has Digital Audio [Adapters] I swear I spend more on cables & adapters than on the gear they connect. Doesn't seem fair. Got boxes of the things but never the right ones World~ The Mini to HDMI Adapter Now Has Digital Audio [Adapters] Anyoe know where I could find good afordable powerline ethernet adapters in Montreal? New post: The Mini to HDMI Adapter Now Has Digital Audio [Adapters] couldn't find a Euro/Canada adapter, so I macgyver'd one out of 3 stacked adapters...my phone will probably explode in about 30 seconds. The Mini to HDMI Adapter Now Has Digital Audio [Adapters] The Mini to HDMI Adapter Now Has Digital Audio [Adapters] - The USB audio version of the Mini DisplayP... The Mini to HDMI Adapter Now Has Digital Audio [Adapters] Google conf. room tables have outlets PLUS built-in laptop adapters, including MagSafe. But: I have an Air. So close, yet so far... I believe we are filming on an HVX with adapters and such (it's all Greek to me). argh... its always to bring along universal adapters when you're visiting some other countries... aaarrrgghhh... bad foresight~!!! Gizmodo: The Mini to HDMI Adapter Now Has Digital Audio [Adapters] : The USB audio version .. The Mini to HDMI Adapter Now Has Digital Audio [Adapters] Road to MTB cleat adapters [Gizmodo] The Mini to HDMI Adapter Now Has Digital Audio [Adapters] : The USB audio versio.. The Mini to HDMI Adapter Now Has Digital Audio [Adapters] : The USB audio version of the Mini Displ.. Gizmodo The Mini to HDMI Adapter Now Has Digital Audio [Adapters] : The USB au.. apparently all of Rheine is going to Rome: no more adapters to be found. Ethernet refers to a type of network technology. You have ethernet cards, drivers, adapters, etc. Just learned there are adapters for the Olympus EP-1 (4/3rds camera) that allow you to mount Leica M, and Nikon F lenses. New box up and running... OH: mini adapters are teh suck. Adapters Keep Monitors In the Picture: LINDY Electronics announced today a range of ada.. Adapters Keep Monitors In the Picture: LINDY Electronics announced today a range of ada.. Adapters Keep Monitors In the Picture: LINDY Electronics announced today a range of ada.. Adapters Keep Monitors In the Picture: LINDY Electronics announced today a range of ada.. Adapters Keep Monitors In the Picture: LINDY Electronics announced today a range of ada.. Adapters Keep Monitors In the Picture: LINDY Electronics announced today a range of ada.. Adapters Keep Monitors In the Picture: LINDY Electronics announced today a range of ada.. Just read a good on RSS and control adapters: NEED to buy wheel spacers or adapters HDMI Cable, Home Theater Accessories, HDMI Products, Cables, Adapters, Video/Audio Switch, Networking, USB, Fir.. Just read a good on RSS and control adapters: Lol We were discusing Plug adapters today.. in the supermarket.. HOT Beautiful NEW DELL AC Adapters DIRECT TO YOUR ROOM on the vegas strip call 702-456-5232 we accept cash VISA/MC/Disc
Fever LOOKING S-T-R-O-N-G! GO FEVER!!! The whole team looks SYNERGIZED & ENERGIZED! Gmorning evry1! TGIF n i'm energized to do at least 3 big things. Keep doing what u love, n u'll accomplish things faster. steam room swim hot tub= A less stressed and feeling good, girl for the day! lol..ohh so im good....lol..i was walkin the streets...lol..u feel energized?? I will be super energized today cos I just drank a cup of coffee (free from McDonalds) ! woooooo ~ :D Possible 2 be worn out but energized?Just had big days/meetings be4, brain dead now,pumped up,excited,overwhelmed all at once Mother's beach in San Clemente... I always get re-energized after leaving the beach... Now whats for dinner?? I feel much more energized after my nap. Ready to get my groove on the dance floor tonight! FEEL TIRED ALL THE TIME? DEPRESSED? JUST GOT THE BLUES?GET Use Sponsor ID#6114820 for discounts. I am quite energized right now. I am going to break out my monkey wrench and go to town on my whip. exhausted, energized, and excited about the possibilities - kudos uncon attendees for creating a great day for all! I hear you. Our small (but energized) version in ATL has grown-up this year. Bigger & better. Wasn't a pub crawl at all last yr. thx always need energy! U should check it out! gr8 tips on foods that keep you energized all thru day. Feeling so energized, happy & humbled! WHAT A DAY! Mmm! A productive day at the gym! I feel re-energized! Now, to do classwork... *groan* Great day with Girls on the Run team at John Muir. Always feel energized after time with the girls & glad to be back for a new season. dear yoga class, i will dominate you tonight. i'm feeling energized and strong I'm so energized by the new painting I just plus the two commissions I secured this week. Good night and... When Are You Most Productive?: In an ideal world, we'd spend every minute at work feeling motivated, energized,.. Insomnia? Can't sleep? All natural supplement,no side effects, wake up ENERGIZED, free trial WOOOOO HOOOOOOO! Excited and energized. I think I have my mojo back. You should definitely check it out! They offer great tips on foods that help keep you energized throughout the day. I may have been moving all day, but I feel ENERGIZED after my session w/ I am gettin' hooked! Oddly enough, after only 1 1/2 of sleep, I feel surprisingly energized!? And no cramps in the last few hours! Yay!!! What a productive day! I feel energized for the first time in weeks! Or it might just be the cake I had at lunch. Just read a bit more of your "Mental Fitness" & re-energized w the "Long Breath Out" (Miraculous, zen breathing heals) I drank 7 diet mountain dews for lunch. I think I had a genuine out of body experience after I feel nervous but energized & happy. good way ta end a energized day. relaxin, watchin Cops. Narcotics detail, new mexico i think. WOW, the most cheeba i seen in a minute. is energized with synergy... or synergized with energy ... not sure but either way it feels great ... let the synergism runith over. Energized after the state conference last weekend, watching the debate tonight, and looking forward to seeing what happens! i <3 my students! super fun class!!! energized! energized!!! hyper!!! spongebob!!! vitamin water!!! TIP: Keep volunteers energized and let them realize that their positive energy contributes a lot towards the cause; celebrate success Awesome Leeds Groups today (Group Sales Coaching)! Energized sales people are out & about! Just read a bit more of your "Mental Fitness" & re-energized w the "Long Breath Out" Ok seriously folks - put 2010 on your list. Had a great time, totally energized by ppl here and new ideas to take home you must really feel good....you sound so energized! (lucky masseuse ;) bout to work out again! feel energized Oooh do share what you can of whatever energized you today. Attitudes are contagious! And yours is catching! :) Safe journey welllll..... ;) lol the kind that'll keep me energized, in shape, and'll get my endurance up! haha Excited that SoHills worship interns are in N'ville in Zoe Conference. Trusting they'll return energized and full of ideas. Just got out of the pool! Feel energized! Same here! - Am I the only one energized by fall weather? LOVE! Am I the only one energized by fall weather? LOVE! Did Level 2 Shred to begin the October Challenge and I feel awesome! I think I should feel this physically energized every day. is energized and ready to continue fighting the good fight, defending and affirming conservative values. God Bless the USA! Don't read my words; feel my words! There are small pockets of power in the words, embrace it and you will be energized! FEEL TIRED ALL THE TIME? DEPRESSED? JUST GOT THE BLUES?GET Use Sponsor ID#6114820 for discounts.
Obama outmaneuvers Iran w/deft strategy Joe good piece.But Iran will delay & Israel wil have no choice Obama outmaneuvers Iran with deft strategy. My analysis in Huffington Post - Obama outmaneuvers Iran with deft strategy. Brilliant analysis in Huffington Post - Obama outmaneuvers Iran with deft strategy. Obama outmaneuvers Iran with deft strategy. My analysis in Huffington Post -
Trying to write a paper about 3 stories based on overly romanticized relationships without being too cynical is proving to be hard... I only wanted you to stay, Linger and mean the words you said, Foolishly I romanticized .. :~ I know how I want to but it seems cliche and over romanticized. Ooh that's an idea. Not sure abt living downtown. Hv romanticized idea of city living but v sure KL's nothing like it! tempered italian steel vs folded japanese steel... Which for all its romanticized greatness, wasn't very strong. WOW! The correlations raised are interesting and fairly romanticized, but as a whole weak and in my opinion false. Awaiting the Big Egg Drop: Urban Chickens Like many people in my husband and I romanticized the idea .. Project/system/business *deeply* valuable learning. I've just seen failure over-romanticized lately (*not* you!) no. ren faire is cheeseball romanticized historical inaccuracy. steampunk is style mashup of things that never were but should've been I really enjoy traveling by train - It's easy to see how this mode of has been romanticized in literature over the years i'm thinking that if i get one romanticized idea, i won't get the other. How long until Michelle Malkin *realizes* "V" is merely a romanticized allegory of of American liberalism's alien Although I shouldn't be surprised Pedro Almodovar Polanski, sinc e he romanticized rape in 'Talk to Her'. Physical may be an illusion, but what's Real? & not just in some romanticized spiritual theory, but directly realizable NOW? Vampires have been so glorified and romanticized that their just bloodthirsty sex symbols now. I'm hoping it will turn out well. Vamps have been so romanticized, and I'm gonna try to bring back the bloodthirsty monsters Hmm, did caption forget that romanticized, athletic-school-prideful-brotherhood-past of Animal House? Or is "today" a lil loose? Caption continued- But today's fraternity brothers may be falling of the image projected by their romanticized past. Physical may be an illusion, but what's Real? & not just in some romanticized spiritual theory, but directly realizable NOW? I only wanted you to stay. Linger and mean the words you say. Foolishly I romanticized... someone was saving my life for the first time! :) i know how romanticized the roman baths are now, but i bet a bathhouse is a bathhouse so i'm guessing they were still foul. Movie is romanticized. Book is mostly abt and thinking abt it. It's too and good read. wants to be romanticized. Like Indiana Jones is a romanticized vision of archeologists. Perhaps I should drawing from a hot air balloon whilst wearing a cape. I think it's funny that people think I live a more interesting life than I really do. Do people have a romanticized vision of Jan Stuermann: American truck drivers were romanticized as modern-day cowboys and outlaws. ohh good!! its so interesting to me! like not romanticized or overly predictable yet u love it. no fairytale. sweatpants homework coffee = perfect romanticized Sunday that shouldn't be "romanticized": zombies! They're the last thing we have. why is the civil war the only one that is yet allowed to be romanticized. Farm work in ths heat is crazy. Has cured me of all romanticized visions of living "dwn on the farm." can't wait to get bck to the city. ;) Sobrang romanticized kasi ng explanation mo for her e :)) I wanted to say... NO THAT IS NOT EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED DAW. Actually, a lot can happen between conception and It sounds like you're more angry about it's gushingly romanticized? Law & Order is no good for me...romanticized ideations of legal proceedings. It's and sexy...like supermodels and heroine. Addicted. They both know not to mention Spaniard around me. I feel like the Euro ancestry is def romanticized in the culture. "Stewardess" - still the romanticized reference to the crew position now named "Flight Attendant".
good selection of beveled cedar siding - 6" (.30 ln. ft.) and 8" (.60 ln. ft.) Free Antique Dresser (oakland piedmont / montclair): Antique Oak Veneer Dresser with beautiful beveled glass mi.. Free Antique Dresser (oakland piedmont / montclair): Antique Oak Veneer Dresser with beautiful beveled glass mi.. Mirrors, Patio Umbrellas, Safety glass (Vista): I have two mirrors, one is full, length, beveled-goes on the ba.. 62" Glass/Brass dining table chairs (Poulsbo): Very nice rectangular/beveled glass table top with brass legs... I think it looks really nice. I'm not a fan of the beveled edge, though. Nice overall. Reason you put sun, moon, & Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb - $47.99. Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb Stainless Steel Chain Necklace, 18 in long, 8mm wide Stainless Steel Beveled Curb 77" by 16" beveled mirror (Plumsteadville): this is a nice tall beveled mirror. I can be reached at 215-828-9214 blue sky beveled glass pendant necklace HANDMADE JEWELRY :) Bellacor coupons - Save up to 36% on the Curved Beveled Black One-Light Outdoor Wall Mount Light Free beveled mirror, 3' x 4' (Forest Grove): Mirror has a small chip on corner, but otherwise is in perfect shape. Has backing board and.. Free beveled mirror, 3' x 4' (Forest Grove): Mirror has a small chip on corner, but otherwise is in perfect sha.. Now Playing on Low Mercury: Spacetime Continuum ''Beveled Edge'' (from Double Fine Zone) Logo redesign: Hilton Trades Beverly Hills for Beveled Hills - Winsome Wood 24-Inch Beveled Seat Barstool with Natural and White Finish, Set of 2 - $50.99. yippee - the first sell out The Beveled Tray Mirrors on the first of two Anniversary Shows for QVC. Willl bring more in January Amazed brit used the word "beveled" to describe a dish, but couldnt remember "dish".Also, we suck at jeopardy. Also, i can't spell jeopardy. You mean the beveled thistle logo? You do like it? I wasn't sure. I was was thinking of returning to the old (flat) one. willow makes front doors prettier! working on a gorgeous beveled piece for a home in one of lafayette's older neighborhoods. de-lovely. Haha tru. Wit the embossed and beveled letters over more tiled text. beveled glass, decorative side panels, New ready to go collectors item 31 day clock beveled glass, decorative side panels, New ready to go collectors item 31 day clock The Hilton Family gone ugly & beveled beveled glass, decorative side panels, New ready to go collectors item 31 day clock beveled glass, decorative side panels, New ready to go collectors item 31 day clock beveled glass, decorative side panels, New ready to go collectors item 31 day clock Gold Deal: Great Value on Zenith Products Beveled Tri-View Medicine Cabinet Deal Price: $126.11 beveled glass, decorative side panels, New ready to go collectors item 31 day clock
...How about a spinoff called "Gregory" - a burglar who only burglarizes other burglars' homes...?
I was just outmaneuvered by a box of Splenda. [Hot Air]: Did the Olympics Committee force Obama to go to Copenhagen?: Outmaneuvered. I've been outwitted and outmaneuvered Did the Olympics Committee force Obama to go to Copenhagen?: Outmaneuvered. Did the Olympics Committee force Obama to go to Copenhagen?: Outmaneuvered. [Hot Air]: Did the Olympics Committee force Obama to go to Copenhagen?: Outmaneuvered. Hot Air Did the Olympics Committee force Obama to go to Copenhagen?: Outmaneuvered. i hope those were his best, i felt out of practice and outmaneuvered...shit if he breaks anything else out... Hee hee - Obama just totally outmaneuvered Iran. US can't be seen as the bad guy now, thank goodness. Black Block strategically outmaneuvered police all day successfully avoiding mass arrest by disappearing & reappearing all over Pittsburgh.
Sheepscot budget goes down for 3rd time: (P.S. Reorganization's not working!)
Best workout combo ever. . .[Yes, it energizes you!] loves the rain it energizes him! Always energizes and inspires me to spend time with other writers. Such was my experience this afternoon with the fabulous So, turns out that actually having a good day energizes me. Who knew?! Going for a super quick run around the neighborhood. "Rejection Energizes You (and Other Lessons from Mira Nair)" ...I can relate completely. txs for sharing this video. It's true that making sr women more visible energizes other women to do the same For me to perform creditably, I need to take breakfast. It energizes me and enables me to take pressures School tonight but I'm sure its going to b another beautiful night...its nights like this that energizes everything inside of me The weather has really cooled off this week. It energizes me so much. I want to do things outside. Summer sucks imo. is in a meeting with my dude AJB talking about some exciting things that can happen for the young-adults This dude energizes me! To everyone who has ever told me that my energy motivates, inspires, lifts or energizes u, THANK YOU!! Ur acknowledgements reinvigorate me! (Vera Filatova) I should have foreseen it. 'Energizing' face lotion only energizes when used in combination w ... I should have foreseen it. 'Energizing' face lotion only energizes when used in combination with drinking green tea. Cheats! I would hit the treadmill however that usually energizes me. What to do what to do? HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL: Clinic energizes coaches - HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL: Clinic energizes c.. HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL: Clinic energizes coaches (cont) Diplomacy isn't about alignment. It's about inclusion which resonates with Iranian people & energizes opposition. Fall Interior Decorating Tips: When the weather turning cooler it energizes me to get to work on a thoro.. At peak of the week. Always enjoy the singing. No matter how tired I am, worship energizes! Cranking out a prayer room for tonight's small group. Sometimes being an achiever makes me crazy. Oh yeah, and energizes me. :) A better definition - "A card that defies direct comparison to other cards, and energizes a large of the player base." New motto energizes Auburn football team : Football Rumor Mill : Acknowledging what you value revitalizes yr focus,energizes yr spirit&shows your true path t.y. : Acknowledging what you value revitalizes yr focus,energizes yr spirit&shows your true path t.y. You know, for cleansing. I used to do it a couple of times a year. It really energizes you, if you can do it. Super profitable morning: Closed on our house, ran a few errands, airing out the house and doing laundry. Fall always energizes me :D in big apple again this wk 3-4 days a wk-city excites and energizes on one side of extracts it as fast-exciting winning for now at least Sub-Sahara Africa for biofuel- rural development energizes, watchout food security concern!: Sub-Sahara Africa .. Sub-Sahara Africa for biofuel- rural development energizes, watchout food security concern! Acknowledging what you value revitalizes your focus, energizes your spirit & shows you your true path Note to self: If you want to try to get to sleep early, do not play guitar or write music later in the night. music energizes me Acknowledging what you value revitalizes your focus, energizes your spirit & shows you your true path Free coffee too... Starbuck's energizes my Remember that your Prime Idea is usually NOT your brand, but it is the element that powers your brand---like "nostalgia" energizes Smuckers had a good work out at the track..i missed running heats in the hot days of summer..the hot sun energizes me to no end [GUEST KNEF energizes its community: The volunteer group consisted of 39 employees .. Gratitude relaxes and energizes you. 'King Kong' off their back: First win since 2007 energizes Lions (USA Today) # # Had Lessons, exam, den mtgs in church today.. Just being in church energizes me! Just left 24 hour fitness. I forgot how much exercising energizes me. I'm on a high right now. New motto energizes Auburn football team energizes you for the day! Tiger Football: New motto energizes Auburn football team: Coach Gene Chizik's "Do What What We D.. (al) New motto energizes Auburn football team: Coach Gene Chizik's "Do What What We Do" slogan catching on .. the nesting instinct energizes again. looking to buy a house in next few days. Passion is simply that which energizes you.
US Army privatizations used tobe big-ticket wrapped affairs. Times have changed. neoresistance via IRGC curious buys / dubious privatizations very interesting neoresistance via IRGC curious buys / dubious privatizations very interesting neoresistance via IRGC curious buys / dubious privatizations very interesting neoresistance via IRGC curious buys / dubious privatizations very interesting ... neoresistance via IRGC curious buys / dubious privatizations very interesting neoresistance via IRGC curious buys / dubious privatizations very interesting
Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Inspiring:on TV-Man rescued in a boat asked, "28 today?" Cameraman:"Yes, 28." Man somberly replied,"I forgot it's my bday today"... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly replied, "Bday ko na pala." Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly replied... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly replied, "Bd (cont) Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... nothing like 2 pairs of shoes and some miscellaneous shopping to make this somberly rainy Monday a fun one :) Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubber boat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... 1: Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly replied, "Bday ko na pala." ... CONT.... .. Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Click click the link somberly ...Man somberly replied, "Bday ko na pala." Rescuers who were paddling hard turned to him in surprise... REPOST: Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly replied, "Bday ko na pala." Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly replied, "Bday ko na pala." ... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly replied, "Bday ko na pala." ... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... says Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly re... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly replied,... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly... Caught on TV- Man rescued in a rubberboat asked, "28 na ba ngayon?" Cameraman: "Opo, 28." Man somberly...
I've been listening to Anesthetize on repeat for an hour straight. Which means 3 times (since it's 18 minutes long) anesthetize II - Anesthetize this bitch, anesthetize! (Anestesie essa vadia, anestesie) (8) - Twisted transistor - KORN Porcupine Tree - Anesthetize BEFORE it goes in your mouth ask am I eating to satisfy physical hunger OR to anesthetize Emotional pain? The answer tells you what's next! I've got Deadwing, but I'll get those other 2. Really liking Anesthetize right now. Thanks again! Listen to Anesthetize by Porcupine Tree on Fear of a Blank Planet. Guaranteed tuune. Chck out Star_ Chef's Trivia at Which of the following spices can be used to anesthetize fish? nor did the prairie schooner seem keen on my collection of poems to anesthetize the senses. check me out now i'm writing about grass n birds Still coming off a high seeing Porcupine Tree at the House of Blues. My highlight was Anesthetize. Awesome. Now off to work :/ Anesthetize. By Porcupine Tree. Live. That, my peeps, is truly an experience. Russia on ice into anesthetize... <3 Another all time favourite of Porcupine Tree for me: Anesthetize. It's like a symphony. Ever wionder how 2 anesthetize an so it doesn't feel pain?: How to anesthetize my finger without real medicine? im very stressed out today. just had one proper meal for the entire day.. stupid anesthetist, took forever to anesthetize the goat.. Geeeez! Right But arent you doing some commenting on a rumor they today? to me you are doing what no one had the balls to b4
cool so u can either go solo or u can take the good behaviored half of u n also half another person!
Topics of the week: ambivalence, containment, mentalization, projective identification, and erotic transference (but of course!) -- discuss!
it was a great podcast all the way thru. I'm thinking it's getting time to introduce you guys to mr. Dancing elephant though :P Yeah it was quite enjoyable. We may have to have you guys guest blog, once we get some content built. Made 1st post today. RW is now blogging - Will Patch 3.3 Arrive Too Soon?: 68 GoogleWave Invites remaining! Follow AaronNeale and if you want one! - Ride it people! 77 GoogleWave Invites left to send out at random! Follow AaronNeale and if you want one! (via R/T Ok. Got my Google Wave invite! Follow me and this if you want one! (via Will do stupid human tricks for invite :) Giveaway: to win the book "Making and Breaking the Grid" follow and this msg! (via Ep18 featuring from Totally Rad Show, Project Lore, and Diggnation is go! Give us a self teaching unless maybe u want a job with it? If you already have a BA, is it it to go back to school for or are you better of just self teaching? Thoughts? :O Promises of a live show? well get it all for next week so keep the oompa loompas on speed dial oh sure.. wipes just as i had the oompa lumpas all ready to go. /sigh.. okay Technical issues caused a wipe and we were unable to do it live. However, is editing it as we speak. Time for a quick interview for then off to see the Invention on Lying with the TRS boys :) yep yep! :) I'll tweet and do what I can. just give me the details! :) In addition to elephant feel free to bring any listeners you dig up ;) SWEET! now just let me know when and I'll see if I can find a guy in an elephant suit to do interpretive dance I think the offer of furries and small people was enough to convince to live stream it. THE DROPBOX IPHONE APP IS OUT!!! <3<3 (via yeah. I think is too worried that his secret Oompa-Lumpa fetish will be found out if he does a live You'll have to talk to about that, he does all the production work on Why does using a prefab Wordpress theme make me feel so I know its only $2 but new app includes ads on top of the purchase price. Maybe im being petty, but it rubs me the wrong way. Listening to Zoe Keating while I work on stuff around the house. Great stuff, wish I would've discovered her sooner. Going to be interviewing tonite for Excited! Epiphanize: when one goes around to everyone and making them realize how stupid and retarded they are. I tilly okon am copying writing "epiphanize" that is all. Liking EventBox so far. Using it in conjunction with Byline on my to sync my google reader. That can be said for most schools... Express ;) was looking for like a $50 solution. :) Apple of course :) I'm looking to polish my skills and learn more about Anyone know a University with a good program? Sending my first MMS...well I've been sending it for the last 4 minutes. Footie Friends
salam be rooye Gole Shoma! I am suffering from Insomnia! :-) Now we are official Ralf Schumacher Pros :) 1st place to Gole, 2nd me, 3rd Hage and a great 4th place for Em :D that famous shop in Gole Market.. know the place.. Love it .. Can't remember the name! :) amazing seekh kabab#.. that famous shop in Gole Market.. know the place.. Love it .. Can't remember the name! :) amazing seekh kabab#delhi
Twitter Tests New Lists Feature | Search Engine Optimization ...: Search Engine Optimization Services by Deon D.. New Job Listing: Director, SEO Analytics & Feed Optimization / MTV Networks / New York, NY Affordable Internet Marketing - Search Engine Optimization Tips - The Proven Strategy For Search Engine Optimization - 2 Fatal Mistakes You're Probably Making - Which is Killing Your Search Engine Optimization - real hormone optimazation with Leptin optimization: sex hormones, thyroid: Best Indian Social Media Optimization Firms Released by topseos.in ... - Online PR News (press release).. Search Engine Optimization - Maniac.. Oil Optimization receives QT extension Why Media Marketing Online -- a SEO Company in India: Website creation and its optimization is increasingly get.. Found everything about Inventory Optimization at Director, SEO Analytics & Feed Optimization / MTV Networks / New York, NY: MTV Networks/New York, NYDirector, 3 Steps To Search Engine Success Book - Search Engine Optimization SEO. - L How To Get A Top Search Engin... - Load Testing & Optimization of CentOS VPS w/ NGINX PHP-FPM XCache ($25/hr) - Content Optimization Tool - helping writers write that search engines understand- try it 4 FREE Ways of Search Engine Optimization for Achieving Desired Results What is Social Media Optimization? (via is the place I can recommend highly to you for website optimization guys SEO Elite is the best optimization software I have seen. Kolkata Web Design and Search Engine Optimization: Yahoo has ...: Yahoo will also share income to.. Web Page Content Optimization Website Analysis and Optimization Services SEO Search Engine Optimization - Link Popularity - Search Engine Optimization - If You Don't SEO, You'll Get Left In The Dust! where is SEO going? Director, SEO Analytics & Feed Optimization / MTV Networks / New York, NY On Page Optimization - Using SEO Service Providers Tips To Buy Search Engine Optimization Software | Web Marketing ... Absolutely FREE search engine optimization techniques from the Wedding SEO -- Book more Brides Best Search Engine Optimization SEO Software Tool Discover How To Use Real Estate Search Engine Optimization Tactics ... Increase Search Engine Ranking With The Keyword Optimization - Search engine optimization is as as creati.. Social Media Optimization: Lawsuit Over Facebook Gets Hand Tossed at Pizza Maker: Do It Yourself Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Social Media Optimization: Facebook Connect Expands to Easy Installation & Translations: See, that just feels like premature optimization to me. But I dunno. I'm just a lazy shit. How Search Engine Optimization Can Be Effective For Personal Blogs - Internet Business new post Do It Yourself Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Bing Optimization. Is it really that Different? - Basics of User Generated Content for Search Engine Optimization Keywords for SEO Optimization - New Search Engine Optimization EBook - What The Dont Tell You. - Brand New Up To Date Search Engi... Load Testing & Optimization of CentOS VPS w/ NGINX PHP-FPM XCache Tucker Hosting is proud to offer Search Engine Visibility is an Internet-based search engine optimization So value creation and optimization go hand-in-hand. Cheapest on Twitter! Follower Optimization for 1 Month for $29.99? That's crazy! Ways of Search Engine Optimization for Achieving Desired Results | The is about searc..
Does anyone know what we have to do to be an SPT Authorized Dealer? The Stooges: The Authorized and Illustrated Story - by Matheu - Abrams. Home - Knowledge Base: Login is for authorized groups (e.g., UITS, OVPIT, and RITS) that need.. Home - Knowledge Base: Login is for authorized groups (e.g., UITS, OVPIT, and RITS) that need.. other authorized retailers - Home - Knowledge Base: Login is for authorized groups (e.g., UITS, OVPIT, and RITS) that need.. How you gonna tweet me and ask me to something but im not even authorized to view your page?? Home - Knowledge Base: Login is for authorized groups (e.g., UITS, OVPIT, and RITS) that need.. Pooh Faithful Return To The Hundred Acre Wood: In the first authorized sequel to A.A. Milne's classic tales of .. The Stooges: The Authorized and Illustrated Story - by Matheu - Abrams. Databases Most Serious Vulnerability: Authorized Users <- Ah, so it's not Little Bobby Tables. ;) Databases' Most Serious Vulnerability: Authorized Users We are an authorized distributor of ROBBINS brand Tops. A preferred & Approved Insurance replacement Top ! The 'Crispy Benjamins' press release was not authorized for release, no word on when the track will be avaliable DHS authorized to hire up to 1,000 cybersecurity specialists (via Nextgov). fair enough. to me, to me, sign-in could be more clearly 'authorized' great to hear you're legit and popular. I live in Colorado and there are no authorized service stations. It would be a great thing to have Permission from the Authorized Renter Creates a Possessory Interest Necessary to Establish a Legitimate Expectation of Privacy...ugh! CareerJet: Owners Authorized Representative: - California - experience working with the D.. @ Belles: A New Pal for Pooh: When the first new authorized tale of Winnie-the-Pooh in more .. Study to Evaluate Authorized Purposes of Missouri River A New Pal for Pooh: When the first new authorized tale of Winnie-the-Pooh in more than 80 years is re.. Winnie the Pooh returns in an authorized sequel.. hmmm Obama sets the latest refugee quotas - President Obama has authorized up to 80,000 refugees to enter the United Sta... Community Assistance with housing, food, unemployment authorized site for The Sheltering Tree Having problems w/ your Mac? Have it repaired at MacMall stores! We are authorized service centers for Apple, IBM & HP. "Return to the Hundred Acre Wood is the first authorized sequel to the Winnie the Pooh tales." by the power of the American government u r not authorized to know that information DeMint Trip to Honduras Back On? Travel Authorized after Senate Leadership Intervenes: ABC News... DeMint Trip to Honduras Back On? Travel Authorized after Senate Leadership Intervenes: ABC News' Viviana Listening to an authorized bootleg of Dave Alvin & The Guilty Women live @ 2008 Hardly Strictly Bluegrass They're back this year! re: sweets study - it's a wonder I'm not a mass murderer then. whoever authorized that "study" should be on academic probation. LIT NEWS: A New Pal for Pooh - When the first new authorized tale of Winnie-the-Pooh in more than 80 year... The Seventeenth Sunday After Pentecost: Fully Authorized to Act (Blog of the Good Shepherd): Brothers and siste.. "Return to the Hundred Acre Wood," the first release authorized by the Pooh Trustees. Hope to see you there! ~Erin You are not authorized to view this protected entry. crying :( sweetie dahling, it says I'm not authorized to view the audio book. I need ur password?Is that right? Gov Perry authorized the killing of an innocent man, and now is trying to cover it up Databases' Most Serious Vulnerability: Authorized Users: I can't stand when OG's questions my merit, I'm authorized to do what ever the fuk I want, I'm from Slap-a-hoe, Texas so stand down. I haven't yet 'cause I'm getting the 403 error "Not Authorized: You don't have permission to access /3919950.28.jpg on this server." thanks for the kudos. btw we basically use metalink as the FAQ . Not perfect but best source for our authorized info. which one? i'm catholic & therefore qualified and authorized to be your consigliere. what have you done, my child? WTF Canada Post? My front desk is authorized to sign for packages, why do I have to go pick this up? negative private.. im not authorized to handle toxic material.. lmao.. 'Not Authorized' (the old '404' error). Just in case no-one else offered feedback. :) We have images...but I I'm not authorized to release them. Megan specifically asked for this when she agreed to be Santiago's present Anyone else able to get HD channels on Comcast in Ours all say "Not Authorized"!
Tactful, yes...classy? Integrity, fidelity and honor...is it too much to ask for? I LOVEEEE HONOR SOCIETY! I WANT THEM TO COME TO BRUNEI FOR THE TOUR! EEEEEEEEE! saturday will be a day of carelessness. I will be wild, and not care about a thing. scouts honor. Dude, I'll drink in your honor tomorrow! so definately havin a in honor of my bday and I can't wait...finally gunna be 21! - "I honor my pack. I do what's best for them." (via eb.net and S.M.'s 'Breaking Dawn') IM HIGHLY PROFITABLE/RECOMENDED ON HONOR ROLL In honor of Fight Week, my '07 picking-sides list! I'd drop Lange below Hein & rank DePace last. In honor of Fight Week, my '07 picking-sides list! I'd drop Lange below Hein & make DePace last. Can't wait for Werewolves premiere then honor an Oscar winner tomorrow night. Fridays back in action! Is It Weird That I Get Excited When Honor Society Is On Oceanup? she's not a fan of the Honor Roll. haha! Lol! Didn't think of that, Good Idea! My friend Eimi can be my Maid of Honor! Haha! I'm delirious! Last time 2nite. Holla & Folla. It wood be an honor. Love ya sexy. Good night. This is called Liberal Hypocracy. They consider it a badge of honor, God forbid anyone else does it. ahaha!! I'm still a bit hyper from the Honor Society show!! Laud and Honor: Ambrose gets Rex Hall scholarship Samantha Ambrose, Ladoga, received the Rex Hall Scholarship f.. Listening to "The Sound of Music" in honor of the last few minutes of Julie Andrews' In honor of Ayu's time to post Ayu lyrics!!! =D Its Day all over the world, wearing yellow today in Rico in honor of LIVESTRONG Day with the staff i need honor society tickets its for my best friends pleeeease! ur like the one of the greatest pg's; it would be a tremendous honor to have chauncey billups tweet me In honor of Thursdays, I have changed my avatar. SEE THERE IS NO HONOR AMONGST MOTHAFUKIN THIEVES!!! Lmao A man has honor if he holds himself to an ideal of conduct though it is inconvenient, unprofitable, or dangerous to do so.-Walter Lippmann just posted about Honor Society's show tonight. There are some good pictures so go check it out! I beg to disagree your honor:) Let me come down to Blore and I'll invite you guys to the Coffee Feast, say BigEasyColdCoffee. so i have for the brides maids & the maid of honor is just one more brides maid REMINDER-Little Bit o' Sole 5K Walk for Life!: HONOR SOCIETY NY SHOWSunday, October 4th - 12:30pmBlue Hill Plaz.. It's an honor to know you & & a blessing 2 have been of past year's events-Beautiful service 2night. Radio Fiesta is getting ready to Honor and thank our Service men and Women who protect us at home and abroad at... Feeling good just got home, and I got invited to go to Europe with my skool for being a honor student I'm ampd<- congrats!!!! Having a cafe steamer in honor of Have fun tonight guys. Take a shot in my honor Free Symphony Tickets (Chicago) - Hurry!!: Rating: 0 Posted By: hellyea81 Views: 3 Replies: 0 In honor of the C.. I WANNA KILL YOU FIRST - MOB BEATS HONOR STUDENT TO DEATH / COLLEGE KIDS KILLED CHICAGO N... [YOUTUBE] i think ur music is awesome (a lot of people do) pwease reply and/or follow-it would be an honor to have u tweet me In honor of Baby/kiddie Pic Friday! check the Profile Picture either that side of the bed or the couch...either way I'd behave! LOL scouts honor! Hahaha 14 current football players made the 2008-09 SoCon academic honor roll, plus former Moc Mitchell Meadows. Amazing time at the honor society <3 on our way home ... <3 love you guys ahaha are you going to see honor society at the h.o.b I LOVE the first 4 songs on Honor Society's CD...but dont really like Why Didn't I. Of course it is. God's honor. This is basically for my fans. Safe and happy in Delaware with the lovely In honor of her this weekend she is my one and only ! Honor Society is amazing! ....and their families are the best <3 If you honor God He will honor you.When His words carry Leight in your life more than anything or anyone then that's how you honor God.
Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. Who? Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. - Ronald Reagan [USPIRG] Study: Taxpayer TARP money subsidizes biggest banks Ed's Consumer Blog Study: Taxpayer TARP money subsidizes biggest banks: A released tod.. You'd think with the crazy long three year contracts, recouping the subsidizes wouldn't be a problem. At&T does 2 years. gov subsidizes finance sector,my biz priv equity guy,sez from gov expansion of $$ supply,financiers paid 9x real value add. Sure wish someone could tell me why the government subsidizes the price of tobacco. It's ridiculous that the US (somewhat) recognizes the value of education and not only subsidizes it, but makes it mandatory through age 18.. "2d half.. nat'l leaders .. routinely" is that news to nonBBC listeners? everywhere else nation subsidizes games too. The gov't subsidizes mass transit. But do highways pay for themselves through the gas tax? by The gov't subsidizes mass transit. But do highways pay for themselves through the gas tax? Question:Do you feel the gov't subsidizes any private corps? via Federal government 'subsidizes' parking five times as much as transit - It subsidizes the registration cost for the attendees . . . That's what I think. In "new free" a minority subsidizes the majority - Google. "Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them." Ronald Reagan "Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them." Ronald Reagan "Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them." Ronald Reagan the medicinee subsidizes the feeling of feeling like shit. my guess is that as long as Obamacare subsidizes you don't care who lied about what. Am I right? Thanks for the Gov't does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. Ronald Reagan (via Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. Ronald Reagan Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. Ronald Reagan How true! Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. Ronald Reagan Healthcare: Govt reform that subsidizes price will increase demand;therefore, transparency not as helpful an economic tool to reduce costs. Lucky sod - Mumbai once again subsidizes the rest of the country in one way or another :D Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. Ronald Reagan (via Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. Ronald Reagan (via Thanks for the Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. Ronald Reagan (via lesson of all subsidies-when govt subsidizes 1 thing it cn only do so at cost of penalizing alternatives "Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them." Ronald Reagan killer in America is tobacco 430,000 deaths a year, Govt still subsidizes the growth??? Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. - Ronald Reagan Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. - Ronald Reagan Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. Ronald Reagan// RR unlike U, was flexible & raised taxes when needed Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. Ronald Reagan (via Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. Ronald Reagan (via Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. Ronald Reagan (via Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them ~ Ronald Reagan Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them ~ Ronald Reagan Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. Ronald Reagan Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. Ronald Reagan Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. --Ronald Reagan via Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them ~ Ronald Reagan Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. --Ronald Reagan
queuing so long just for a plate of miserable rice. And as the clock nears the 25 hour mark, I am queuing up some episodes of scrubs, and am going to promptly pass out. Queuing is an essential life skill. "Before long, locals were queuing up to charge their mobile phones." I actually just left a club at 12.10am. People were still queuing to get in. New personal best for being a loser? queuing up for with Adam at Tesco was an awkward&interesting insight into the lives of gamers! was like a convention! Arrived at a very wet and rainy Suzuka circuit after queuing in the traffic for a while. Queuing at Asda Farnborough to buy FIFA 10. About 40 other people here! wonders what the woman doing her shopping thinks if the 50 people that are queuing in an empty shop of a football game! I am queuing at tesco for FIFA 10. 12 people in the queue in front of me, 11 minutes to go! At ASDA in Alloa queuing for cheap as chips FIFA 10. how sad of me! Is actually queuing in ASDA fir Fufa 10 and yes I feel sad!! WTF: "Before long, locals were queuing up to charge their mobile phones.": submitted by ilieabouteverything.. Queuing for fifa10 in Asda. 5 other gimps in front if me. Have I peaked too soon, should have left it 20 more mins :( ok, so couldn't get tickets for Streetcar, HOWEVER...I am waking up tomorrow at 5:00 am and queuing till 10:30 to obtain them! DJ - Producer IAN LEVINE is putting new Boy Band together UK - talented young men all over the UK queuing up The apple has caused such a stir in the village that Mr. Morrish is inundated with neighbours queuing up to take pictures of it. If Roman Polanski was the Lockerbie Bomber, would the whole of Hollywood still be queuing up to him? It really is! Claire uses my boobs as queuing pillow. She doesn't need no mattresses. It's out of the way and it's too big. AND the queuing system is TOSS! Huge line of people queuing outside uniqlo in soho. They must be releasing a new sweater or something Omg my sister just broke the news she broke her nail whilst queuing for a sandwich at school. lol =) Queuing for Anticipation growing. can i apply queuing theory to MQ series?? My colleagues & I in product development are queuing up to take the bus to Hell. In case you're interested, it's the I wasn't hiding..just..hm..behind that was the toilet(!!)and I was just looking at who was talking while queuing there-LOL Just pulled up in People already queuing to get in! likes driving the S8 quattro in the rain, dislikes people queuing the line at Subway with a big order from their office. And, yes, I had to google for the correct spelling of "queuing" :) The fact I am queuing at the Post Office to get a toilet auger makes it even more depressing. np, I was just trying to understand how their queuing/inviting system works, I find it hard 2 believe they sent 100k invites already CALLING ALL STYLISTS! We have fashion victims queuing up desperate for styling advice, if you can help us visit :) as Laine says, I am literally queuing up to do you. Don't leave me hanging, bro. To see the most uncouth flyers, take a domestic Vietnamese trip. No queuing, phone use during takeoff/landing, throwing trash on the floor. Several hundred people have been queuing outside since early this morning for open interviews for tem.. Irish Times: Hundreds queue for M&S jobs: Hundreds of people are queuing in Dublin for temporary jo.. still queuing at Movida mate?! Lol, that night was a joke! Several hundred people have been queuing outside since early this morning for open interviews for tem.. Hundreds queue for temporary M&S jobs: Several hundred people have been queuing outside since early this mornin.. Several hundred people have been queuing outside since early this morning for open interviews for tem.. so i went to Central Perk in London and they were queuing around the corner! would have loved to have gone in but can't stand queuing... Lost but found! Already 3 people queuing at that printer... There are at least 50 ppl queuing to change their ezlink card at my stn. My colleague queued An hour. I chNged mine 1 wk before deadline. jaywalkers vs those queuing up to exchange the CEPAS card now. they are opposites. Queuing theory as an argument for TDD: Sneak peek of "How test-driven development works (and more!)" at Can't believe the number of loosers queuing to get inti a coffee shop just because it's called Central Perk..
The Spotify test didn't go so well today.... because of the G1 :P The USB to 3.5mm adapter is faulty :)
lmao,butt dialing now are we? haha Tony and jack were both busy. LMAO. Still dialing 14045, but then ask for either Tony or Jack. Still dialing 14045, but then ask for either Tony or Jack. New name for drunk dialing-" a subconscious phone call" The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672. - a little out of it & preoccupied dialing a mysterious lover, perhaps. before or after the ... Locator Key (Base), Temporary Tone Dialing, Talking Caller ID, Cordless Panasonic Phone, Menu Operation Wishes would quit drunk dialing me. Otherwise awesome night! Um, I think I ingested some Clorox. This might be one of those dumb tweets where I should be dialing 911 instead of, well, tweeting. Does sleep-deprived tweeting fall into the same category as drunk dialing? If so, I guess I should be apologizing to more exes about now. Hit up the deliv feature by dialing 504-899-4141 Blog: Reinstalling voice dialing yeay! *dialing* Great band, KOKOMO, at John Henry's. out a little too loud but their dialing it in now. Should be a good nite. Lmfao! I was dialing on my phone with my boob haha ok my sister drunk dialing me is getting slightly annoying, thank god her friends are driving her home, damn lush :) her metro pcs phone keeps dialing me from her pocket with boys, sitting on your lap, beer pong, blowing your mind, sparkly things, storms, drunk dialing & inhaling secondhand smoke. Im obsessed with boys, sitting on your lap, beer pong, blowing your mind, sparkly things, storms, drunk dialing & inhaling secondhand smoke Great meeting with the U.N. today about dialing up Hopenhagen to make COP15 a success. hopenhagen.org I really hate this whole dialing 818 thing -- Got it. Dialing. Hope they have an overseas contact, too. Thanks. my neice is tearing my phone up...dialing all kinda of numbers hitting it hard and being the cutey pie she is...spoiled rotten lmao...robot Locator Key (Base), Temporary Tone Dialing, Talking Caller ID, Cordless Panasonic Phone, Menu Operation & (& it awkwardly keeps dialing my cleaning lady...a sign?) & (& it awkwardly keeps dialing my cleaning lady...a sign?) I will call him now *grimacing* *dialing phone number* oh no!! Maybe you don't need that friend!! ... Or did you commit drunken dialing? yup! i upgraded two days ago. voice dialing doesn't work, and my call screen is jacked up. but other than that, 'tis good! Locator Key (Base), Temporary Tone Dialing, Talking Caller ID, Cordless Panasonic Phone, Menu Operation *dialing blood lust, calling for ringing. I'm ready to find sum1 and cut off their fingers - they keep trying to send a fax but not dialing 1 first to get a outside line I'm dialing myself, and the phone isn't even on vibrate... I ALWAYS get a drunk dialing call when I'm here (they're drunk, they misdial), but this is the first one at 5PM! who's involved in this butt dialing...wtf? I don't understand... butt dialing is when u call someone in your pocket without knowing, while ur taking a duece self explanatory.. Someone keeps butt-dialing me from Denver, CO Sent drunken invite request to google wave. Don't ignore my drunk dialing google. I can't live without you. Locator Key (Base), Temporary Tone Dialing, Talking Caller ID, Cordless Panasonic Phone, Menu Operation Hahhh i hate ass dialing.(: and if you call them they say they don't offer customer service on the phone, call them and dialing random ext. Dialing in and aiming Hella 500s: who doesnt want to be spiderman jumping from building to building drunk dialing friends? i know i do xD join me for early morning empathy! 7am EST/4am PST Oct.2nd: Call in by dialing: (712) 432-1591 and use this Access Code: 596518# :: lowers the rifle from her shoulder, staring down the firing range while dialing Zatanna's number :: Locator Key (Base), Temporary Tone Dialing, Talking Caller ID, Cordless Panasonic Phone, Menu Operation what is someone is just dialing a number and police think he or she was texting? correction nuts dialing Hey, if anyone sees the dinner fairy, please ask her to stop shunning me. Fending for myself has become a rote exercise of dialing 4takeout.
Good evening matey :) So, have and drafted you in to help look after ? :) Drafted, circulated, up for the nod in a week's time :) u go, girl! I sat on my arse & drafted some fantasy hockey players! same thing, right?! ps got afinogenov! :) I don't think I could have drafted a better team if I tried. :) The Preliminary agenda for 2009 has been drafted! Delegate applications out SOON! Time to polish those ideas. :-) I drafted OPERATION YES before I had the Two Mornings Plan in place. So it was mostly in the real morning. :) Doing well - one proposal drafted already! :-) Drafted my fantasy hockey team tonight. I can't pronouce most of the names, so I think my team is pretty fucking good. :) Reading NY Times about FIRST Israeli to play in the NBA - WOW - Omri Casspi drafted in 1st rd Sac Kings :-) Fantastic! Just drafted my very first blog post. Decided it would be fun to share more tales of adventure! :) Just drafted my To Do list for before I leave the UK - the good news is it ain't anywhere near as big as I'd imagined :) I hope we get to see more of QB Tyler Thigpen this season. I drafted him as my sleeper. :) Agreed :) Can Bulger stay fit enough to give the drafted QB a year to learn?? WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAATT? Sid was drafted 8th? man, for the ladies who picked 1 to 7, i hope money's not involved in this draft :) *Whip crack* Bad teacher, no doughnut! :D (so sayeth the teachers kid who got drafted into correcting tests) Ya know, I'm from Pittsburgh, and if you played for the Steelers I think I'd actually have to watch them! Go get drafted! :) hey, added your link in your posts are drafted as well.. I'll publish once you say yes! All for free :) I am loving the fact that he was drafted to the bears from ACU! :) I'll let you do it. :) remind Chargers fans that AJ drafted Rivers, V Jackson and other studs on this team LOL haha. I agree :) I can't wait until he gets drafted He knows talent...drafted Pat White..... :-) i've been drafted to be videographer for my cousin's wedding today. reminds me of when did the same favor for me. thx again man :) I will be patiently awaiting the day that he's drafted by the Dallas Cowboys. The pinnacle of irony. :) my nephew was just drafted by the Cowboys! Mike Hamlin! :) I'll him- but Eages are MY team! lol! Re ESPN360. I've seen you on the ESPN when they was talkin' about you being drafted by the NFL. Ha-ha, waterboy :) Niiiiice draft pick lol u better tell her the real deal jroc - drafted u fair and square lol :) LOL ... He know why time it is LOL u better tell her the real deal jroc - drafted u fair and square lol :) LOL ... so where would vivian v be drafted in our pinaystars fantasy draft? :D Hey, I drafted you for my fantasy team last night. Gonna break out this year for me? :) Thank u! :) Congrats!! has been drafted by The Bodega I'm ready!!! :) has been drafted by The Bodega Commute racing is the most fun I have all day! He caught me up and drafted, though he was RLJing so I took the moral victory :)
You know, I'm going to emphasizing my photography again. going outside for some Fall sessions. If i'm the play by play guy for the moose i'm extra emphasizing "hauser" when I call the big germans name. tell me about it. i admit its easier to get on it when you have test scores emphasizing the point. SAP emphasizing talent profile (with bad comedy) -shootout @ Live one day at a time emphasizing ethics rather than rules. Wayne Dyer Dude. NEVER (sorry for caps, I am EMphasizing, can you hear me now?) apologize. Never. ((hugs)) The Simplicity Of Reiki. - A Simple Explanation Of All Things Reiki. Emphasizing The Absolute Necessity O... Live one day at a time emphasizing ethics rather than rules. Wayne Dyer "interactivity is something that's absolutely emphasizing." Great session-speakers emphasizing the of face-to-face communication despite current technology & social media We ought to be emphasizing a few of the "all of the above" energy plan over others. WY & US need renewables, not oil Delicious Sukkot meal! Chef Jeff prepares a special Sukkot menu emphasizing fruits and vegetables for the holiday thank you lol. I don't see the point of emphasizing the fact that you have Twig Legs haha. Re: Put Writing as a Cure for 'Shoulda' Syndrome: Thanks for emphasizing some aspects of put writing... Syncopation means emphasizing weak beats with ur melody. Hit a high note, a phrase on an upbeat or 4th beat of a bar. emphasizing the of Iowa caucus "This state made president, and also George Bush. Well I think so" Music of the 20th century is quantum physics, emphasizing innovation and improvisation, and of course jazz - Tim Leary You over-emphasizing domain knowledge. Understanding of product is but simplicity and capabilities are too Responders when ambulance is not nearby. week 2 of emphasizing spirituality. why are you laughing too much :P LOL LATE LATE LATE. Composing Nature Late post. Emphasizing a selected color to recompose a picture. I guess. you would enjoy Carl Zimmer's "Parasite Rex" ISBN-10: 0684856387 - Parasitology emphasizing the mind-blowing, not the gross-out. Fri: Moon in Pisces trine Mars & emphasizing Uranus over Saturn: Lots can be accomplished to create constructive change. OMG OMG. We finally got a TV in the It has a cool little logo emphasizing that it a COLOR TV! So cool. haha turns out my "media credentials" weren't enough... the woman kept emphasizing how this is a fundraiser! Prime conscious values: emphasizing shared values. Address'g unconscious concerns & conflicts directly. strategies tht work there was so much emphasizing in that sentence.. The small one is emphasizing every bite of carrot with an emphatic (spoken) "Cru-u-unch." Apparently those are some really crunchy carrots. I'm with you on that. I was emphasizing the pretty much ONLY thing I liked about Twilight! Grayson - It's about time someone pounding the table and emphasizing the seriousness of the problem & the need for reform. Are you emphasizing the point that you walk around in your underwear often when you have people over? Q3: Probably PR... I always thought marketing was about emphasizing very specific characteristics Imma tell her now ! lmao i was just emphasizing how that shit goes hard ! I could have simplified that by saying if you like Three Days Grace but haven't gotten their new CD yet, but I was emphasizing One-X anyway. that's actually a really good idea Jane. A conference emphasizing writing not marketing. Why don't you plan it? : ) Suhhweet. In my film class, my prof keeps emphasizing how HP pays homage to Meleis. : ) yu said that twice are yu emphasizing something NVIDIA CEO Huang gives a shout out to thinking machines in his keynote address. They are really emphasizing compute. ur a HOT mess!!!! emphasizing the HOT ;) love the bubble tweet I was emphasizing how much I wanted you there so only 2 zz wouldn't be right Had a good meeting emphasizing ' We the People' rather than the of any political We are an American use "secure" unless you are emphasizing how the borders are protected, then use "secured by..." Great example of collaboration -- we're emphasizing that in our CSR Eric Seigel emphasizing the power of predictive analytics to improve micro or operational decisions - little decisions add up. Attending a webinar. They're emphasizing social networking that's developed in house. that always happens to me too! I have never had a cavity and I never floss yet they keep emphasizing how I need to floss. Emphasizing the Lamb in Vacation Bible School Lessons: I think the Old Testament is often overlooked as being t.. Embedding computer in a keyboard tht u cld plug anywhere, including TV's . Interesting, emphasizing i/p device. My choice of bike ovr van result ofLEEDstudy; Emphasizing sustainable design in coursework may affectStudent lifestyleChoices Fattah: emphasizing imp. of teacher subject matter knowledge e.g. Phys Ed or history majors who teach algebra. Spot on.
And Clinton opened up favored trade status to China to facilitate that. Keep ignoring that. WVU favored by 16.5 pts. Last touchdown made some Mountaineer fans in Vegas very happy. (Oops! Buffs score TD w/ .03 left!?) How can WAS be favored by 7.5 over anyone? They lost to DET. Sure, TB suck bigtime too, but WAS lost to DET. mutation favored in female E African Cichlid but not in male fish News At the time, I favored Jesse Camp for his spectacular weirdness. Now I follow on twitter and he is an absolute delight. Chicago still favored, with Rio next, for Olympics Chicago still favored, with Rio next, for Olympics 2Funny -@SI_PeterKing Giants favored by 9. Is that a 9-point spread for the first If so, it's a credible line. Sacramento News: Natural gas firm favored in ruling on south Sacramento storage - Sacramento Bee.. Central Bankers Seek a Dollar Bottom; Bonds Favored Over Stocks ...: CI Financial is a Canadian owned diversifi.. BTW... says she's going to kick Fat Retard's butt this week! She's currently favored by 52. The Dallas Brass performance was definitely my cup of tea. Absolutely favored the "Hands" river-dance-like performance :~) Good Night! May you be blessed and highly favored in your weight loss quests! Can someone tell me why Notre Dame is favored by 14 over ... WVU was favored by 16.5 pts. That last touchdown made some Mountaineer fans in Vegas very happy. Aren't the Canucks being favored to win it all this year by a lot of Canadians? Lol.... BLESSED N HIGHLY FAVORED! Chicago Favored To Host 2016 Olympics, Rio Close Second my back but i dont feel bad im blessed and highly favored it's good too bee alive thank you LORD I just favored that tweet...when my stream slows down I will definitely check it out!!!.... : ) XOXO Black is back as style's favored noncolor with a host of interesting finishes. The new Noir collection; jet-black sexed-up hues. Black is back as style's favored noncolor with a host of interesting finishes. The new Noir collection; jet-black sexed-up hues. Lol u favored that 1 ? I got a Doctorate in vaginal culinary That is a beautiful story. Favored by the king! Love that! My fave Old Testment history is about Ester. CMU favored by 8 vs UB Saturday...ugh...nice in Bflo News on your QB today that new starburst favored is poppin it got me all juicymouthed lol Girl...I'm Blessed and Highly Favored!! Making MAJOR moves as usual!! Congrats on the wedding!! Do ya thang!! {Highly Favored} Quality Time Was Fun...Housewives Of ATL Soon. Might Be On Later. Inbox Me. (Single] ... And you know the funny thing is, as of last night MSU was favored by the bookies over Michigan? and he understands me... blessed and highly favored! COSIGN w.@ShayPatty cuz ur daddy is blessed n highly favored!! & thats only from seeing him once! what's the favored windows twitter client? From Blessed & Highly Favored - God is not moved by our good intentions; He is moved by our obedience to Him. Just set my fantasy team for the week. I'm favored 117 to 80. I'm 2-1 int the league and only one team 3-0. Should be a good weekend. Why do all bad ppl succeed n life but ppl who genuinely try 2 b good and live right suffer?//Us Highly Favored have to " ) Chicago still favored, with Rio next, for Olympics - Working on business tax wishing I were at the Nightmare!!!!! Breaking....Change in Odds.....Latest Line on the Tennessee/Auburn Game Has the Vols Favored by 2.5 Points...developing Boner(yes, boner), spend a day w/ur rep polsters, u'll find lots of ppl favored PO. U r a true bone head. i mean i know im blessed & highly favored! just stress gettin' the best of me, today has been worse then yesterday I the Pheonix and his favored son. They warm the cockles of my Re: Olympics faux-troversy - ... If favored kittens, the would attack kittens. lay the 17 1/2 mike!! Sat. take LSU plus 3 over Georgia. Wrong team is favored Swimming & Diving. Oakland Favored to Win The Summit League in Swimming and Diving: ROCHESTER, Mich. - The Oakl..
hope my tip helps: there's nothing worst than an old pc! but I took mine and optimized it using ... Comments on: Clean up your memory for an optimized BlackBerry - Industry coverage, news, origi... [BBGEEKS] How Search Engine Optimized Social Media SEO Goals Clean up your memory for an optimized BlackBerry Optimized copy begins with the consumer, not the SEO.. How Search Engine Optimized Social Media SEO Goals How Search Engine Optimized Social Media SEO Goals PR Newswire Launches New Site to Deliver Search-Optimized News Platform and In-Depth Industry Information and E.. Heard on BBC WS that airline ind looking at commercial in-flight refueling (future plane designs). Saves 15% in fuel as designs optimized. I want to play GTA IV again, but it's so poorly optimized I get more than double the framerate on Crysis. =/ Optimized copy begins with the consumer, not the SEO or social marketer... Clean up your memory for an optimized BlackBerry Keyword -Rare Domain Name WOW SEO Google: US $0.99 (0 Bid) End Date: Thursday Oct-08-2009 6:33:00.. Optimized copy begins with the consumer, not the SEO or social marketer. Glade to be on board...Bernard is implementing the required changes to get bowlgamer and FFanatics optimized -.trying to get launched ASAP. dot dot dot. Guess what most of the graphics engines are? Poorly written/optimized middleware! listen, there's nothing worst than an old pc! but I took mine and optimized it using 8-] I always have to wonder when iPhone apps link to their company website and they aren't iPhone optimized. Im looking for an to find a large client who needs their website optimized. SEO Marketing For an Optimized Webpage TPS is also a pull based system. it is lean, and optimized. supplies and demands are optimized. Cloud is trying to do the same thing. Showcase of web designs optimized for iPhone Fallen Leaves are NOT 'waste' ... there is no in nature. Business ought to learn from such highly Search engine marketing with a fully optimized web page, geo-targeted market is only of it Very productive day, got running on N95, N97, E71, iPhone and Android "website style", super fast, CSS optimized, JSONP there's nothing worst than an old pc! but I took mine and optimized it using oh yeah my option: there's nothing worst than an old pc! but I took mine and optimized it using trust me on this can't argue with that! there's nothing worst than an old pc! but I took mine and optimized it using Millionaire System. - High 'Make Money' Offer. Optimized For High Volume Sales. Extre... SEO Marketing For an Optimized Webpage SEO Marketing For an Optimized Webpage Need Wordpress Site Updated / SQL Optimized--By RyanBlk on Oct 1--Max Bid: $100 - don't know.. there's nothing worst than an old pc! but I took mine and optimized it using :-) Nay Wave's optimized for mobile UI -Google's THAT good. Also works for Android; not sure about BlackBerry and Nokia? Sorry, but LOL I'm thinking about doing some freelance writing. I've had enough practice writing keyword optimized Dear Please create an iPhone app or web optimized version of fantasy hockey, thanks. Microsoft unveils Barrelfish multi-core optimized OS Tip Grab latest Firefox fr|Mozilla. While new site works in all major browsers, we're optimized for Firefox 3.5 SEO Marketing For an Optimized Webpage How to Write Highly-Optimized Title Tags: In SEO, there are a lot of theories. Optimize this, optimize that, do.. * there's nothing worst than an old pc! but I took mine and optimized it using SiteBuilder Elite; a piece of software that will create dynamic, unique websites, optimized for Adsense Post:: Keyword -Rare Domain Name WOW SEO Google Tip Grab the latest Firefox from Mozilla. While the new site works in all major browsers, we're optimized for Firefox 3.5 20 Job related - Seo Optimized: I need 20 on job related issues The although now that I think about it they probably did that because the shuffle was probably optimized for 128 AAC
i has misseds outs on modelings discussions! oh my!
I'm obsessed. Not even a theater person myself, but I adore it. Hulu it, but be sure to watch it from the beginning...enjoy!!!!! Haha! I will definitely be staying away from those theater majors. Take care! when dat theater lite flashd whoa baybay turned a comedy n2 a horror American Airlines May End Naming Deal For Broadway Theater: "The Roundabout Theater Co., which operates four ve.. First the empty theater, now hives? You sure aren't doing MGM any PR favors. The Theater News Two Unrelated Plays, Atlantic Theatre, New York (source: FT) Follow Me The Theater News Othello, The Public Theater, New York (source: FT) Follow Me The Theater News The Birds, Gate Theatre, Dublin (source: FT) Follow Me Theater Review (NYC): The Buddha Play: The Life of the Buddha Assembled from the Origi.. Sitting in the theater waiting for Grey's Anatomy to screw this, i'm not staying up till 3 to do this stupid theater homework. Thanks so much for the Finally ended up selling it to a lovely tourist from Sweden just outside the theater. Unbelievable seats! Tickets for at the theater still available for tomorrow and Saturday night. I will be going for my third time... The last film I saw in the theater was Saw V on Oct. 27th. LAME. It's like...one of those movies you hate to see, but...always do. Sweet Home Theater Setup - The Nautical Theme: These are not always pretty choices, and for the owners of this .. Listening to: Dream Theater - Wait for Sleep says if ur @ benedict college come see me perform n the talent show on fri at 7 n the theater ... were in theater. couldnt get past chick w.o. ticket, get yos! What theater is everyone at? Im sitting a few rows away from and his wifey ;) Mexico's political theater reaches new heights (or lows) with ... Sitting in the theater waiting for Zombieland to Heading over to the theater around 1030 ;) The 2nd pic, I know that. But what about the first of the inside of a theater or something? They have been all over UT and WY New Post: Wildclaw Theater Deathscribe 2009 - DeSales University and Centenary College kicking off theater seasons I'm at Galaxy Theater (2501 S. Gateway Center Place, Federal Way). Decided to double-feature with 'Whip It', and I'm STILL in a theater alone...lol ... I ended up doing it about theater. Didn't want to cover something so awesome in such a dry way, but... *shrugs*. I came to see some play for my theater class haha i do! it's a learned skill my friend...sleep is overrated AND i did get 1/2 hr in at the theater :) cities to see, win or lose: From traditional Kabuki theater amid high-tech modern.. Ran into zombies at the theater tonight. Proof inside. The Ugly Truth at dollar theater <3 I'm mad only 1 theater in all of NY state is showing this movie... Saw "Annie Get Your Gun" today. Very talented people. Oh how I miss the theater. come back to seattle, & do a show preferably at wamu theater seeing as i'm ALWAYS broke & i can get free tickets there haha pw ... 'Hell is a movie theater full of jerks.' -Me dnt watch HalloweenII coz i was fallin asleep at da theater&dnt watch Surrogates k?"trust"! im gonna star ... Went to see James and the Giant Peach at the Diana Theater with Allison. Then walked around downtown for a bit. Don't u have to work tomorrow? Seriously don't know how u do it. Oh that's right u took a nap at the theater. Zombieland is playing at 12:01 at the theater by my house--i'll wait until Saturday afternoon! I realized how deep my Chicago theater love goes when I cursed at Ben Brantley for giving A Steady Rain a good review for the wrong reasons. almost 3 hours later, i have successfully written my theater critique :) You Can Play 2 on a Movie Theater Screen Home theater is the new cross-stitching A Change Of Seasons/Dream Theater
High pressure on the prize of Price will go high. Please click on the linlks to guarantee your prize(s) Keeping eye on prize(s): rendez-vous with my Men of NYC: Daniel Boulud, Wassily Kandinsky, Hugh Jackman & Daniel Craig. Fangirlavaganza. if i have a successful hunt i will let u c the prize(s) Free gift's and chance for prize's. First European literature prize(s) awarded: 12 writers from 12 countries. The McGraw Prize's profile of Dr. Renzulli: Free gift's and chance for prize's. Dreamhack Winter announces prize's New blog post: The 2009 winners of our photo prize(s) Free gift's and chance for prize's. New site free gift's and chance to win prize's. Correct. The Diamond Leviathan Puzzlebox. You win today's door prize. S&H not included. Ur prize's coming Yay! Q.What song have you got playing right now? A.Brithday Sex. No prize's for guesing who it reminds me of ;) Ur prize's coming Ur prize's coming got an offer to present a seminar colg..yay!!heard tht te first prize s 5000 bucks..yea im excited!! :D Go New Blog Post on the L-Prize's first entry. New Blog Post on the L-Prize's first entry. how we can find out about PRIVATE ISLAND GETAWAY PRIZE'S WINNERS?
what good is national security when it comes at the cost of civilization's security? more evidence of western civilization's decline: there is an upcoming cgi/live action "marmaduke" feature film. We defeated the militarists of the Japanese Empire. The Chinese nationalists have an empire with clay feet. America is civilization's power. our civilization's next advance will come when the Sprint lady assumes i know how voice mail works. Until then, i should wait for the tone. loves the library .... one of civilization's great inventions!!! Listening to Civilization's Dying by Zero Boys - reissue out on Secretly Canadian w/ liner notes by Jack Rabid. I listen to ALT & the lost civilization's song Refried Beans about 6 times a year every year since 1992 Civilization's future course laid out in Baha'u'llah's writings challenges all thats consdrd normtve Awaiting western civilization's by searching for technical on the infrared spectrum of methane. Civilization's future course laid out in Baha'u'llah's writings challenges all that is considered normative
the power one zero six banner with the glod and purple coloring too...that's tiight... hopes feels better soon. I'm gonna get some sleep, hopefully. I have the next 3 days off! Woo! Coloring, I'll be doing! =) New blog post: Free Printable Coloring Pages - Fisher-Price The Anatomy Coloring Book Envelope and Card Stationery Set "FREE EDUCATIONAL COLORING PAGES - ALPHABET LETTERS AND SIGN LANGUAGE SIGNALS - AMERICAN SIGN LANGUAGE" ( ) Telling the World About "FREE COLORING PAGES - BRITNEY SPEARS - CAREER PROGRESSIVE IMAGES - BRITNEY SPEARS" ( ) "FREE COLORING PAGES - BRITNEY SPEARS - CAREER PROGRESSIVE IMAGES - BRITNEY SPEARS" ( ) ooo, did someone buy it? or are you just coloring it how you want it? enjoying some solitude...and the nagging coughing...and oh a fern...I think I'd rather be coloring... meh... I'm down!!! Lmao! Correction: Men's Multi vitamins...MAAAWWWD Weed in a box for men coloring Seeing a lot of commercials for "inadequate lashes." Common side effects include permanent changes to eye coloring. WTF people? Lmao! Correction: Men's Multi vitamins...MAAAWWWD Weed in a box for men coloring coloring a lilo and stitch print out and talking to my TWILIght BUDDY quoteing twilight. well all i can say is you can borrow MY coloring book anytime lol Add egg followed by lemon and coloring. Stir until thick. Recommended for sketching out rough drafts, drawing instruction, and coloring Coloring vectors from AI in Photoshop? had a lovely day with Jess :) minus the crazy stalker call lol lmao~ OMJ JB COLORING BOOK!! ... Finished coloring with at The-Mill. Fine work, Sal. Fine work as always. Oct. 6 is widee awake even tho i have class tha hair tomo tho!(: txxt meee ... is sketching, and coloring. :D :D I bought a super cute huge coloring book for kids! should be careful what she says to the person who is coloring her hair cause I so quit right in the middle of it I love coloring books...it just pushes my husband to his belief that I'm secretly a five year old, lol. I'll go as far as loaning you my new fancy-pants food-coloring kit. But I don't think *I* could pull that creation off. in todays coloring book , website design, strangers positive facebook compliment , shipped out ear pieces, and subway eat fresh!!!! just finished a drawing. i'm really super proud of the shading and coloring i did on it :D Printable coloring pages great barrier reef Also went to the (which I love!) and went a little Harry Potter crazy. Got a Deluxe Harry Potter Coloring Book. Working like a slave :D coloring coloring coloring! coloring my herrrrrr ... Drawing/coloring a dank card. Student Government. HChem coloring. The plum seems impractical, that is. And khaki is much more so, plus so 'gorge' w/my coloring you know, lulz. She werked it. Debating! Idk, I was looking through my closet, and it seems quite impractical. And that woman raved about my coloring w/it. Project runway... Models of the runway. Coloring hair... Cutting hair... Let's throw some makeup in there... I hear that. Coloring Zuda Entry, taking three times longer than I thought - um. what's wrong w/ coloring books? I have 5 of them... Nopedilly, wore a gas mask. Did the fumes from 's hair coloring get to you? Thanks! My thought is that the digital copies I sell will be color. Once I finally get around to coloring them :P if i finish the explanations now... i can finish coloring. OH CRAP. journals.:)) Did the fumes from 's hair coloring get to you? is coloring. :) for geography. AWWWW<3 i love it! thank you lovely! I suck at coloring & I fucked up on the ): Coloring with moohaha Coloring a little project for tomorrow while listening to Jupiter One. Weed in a box for men coloring omg .. big head ache. what i accomplished: english essay, socials shiet, french..coloring, studying for ce & science .. ouch x)
computerizing...
But can you "optimize" other people's behavior? It sounds instrumental... :P
Damn ohdee I just wrote an 8 page text & saved it in my drafts... Just so I could vent "/ Oh god finally done with all the drafts *collapses* Hey big guy! I'm up and working on my magic book and trying to write up some first drafts with dictation software! I remember that first drafts should be unfocused meandering messes. Just Don't This site is a mushroom cloud first draft. All right folks, was fun, especially reminiscing about Darrent. Til tomorrow. We can keep reminiscing about Shanny drafts gone bad. Crit followed by $2 drafts at jackelope with Axia Group Drafts LOI with Yana Philanthropy Group - Axia Group ... 50cc Scooter gang? The Bikings or Scoot Or Die? These are rough drafts, an also amazing. I wanna get back patches made $1 drafts with mikee and jay! Body contest with jewels! Show off your favorite body and win a bar tab! It's just funny that group is a standout. And it is, considering the other drafts. There will be Drafts all weekend long. (Craig) Friday Update - Oli drafts insane ME3 bombs once more... More power to him! Recommended for sketching out rough drafts, drawing instruction, and coloring Took a few terrible drafts to get in the boat Shanahan was paddling. Somehow he did pretty well in '06-'07 I know iz hard. But I actually like revisions. First drafts are hard. ::whine:::@fitzwillie lol, exactly. It's just annoying because our windows are made of fail and let cold drafts in. $3 drafts and well drinks - T.B.D. - now! You and me both, bb. Until then, I'll just keep typing drafts in gmail. :D Scott Whyte Trio Band playin the Cove tonight!!!! Come ur weekend off right! W/awesome music & $3 drafts & 2-for-1 180 bombs! Tonight $2 pints on all 26 drafts plus live music with Daves Duo and the ;iqour of the month is Southern $3 ... hey man, first drafts suck, too. in beautiful south side But we do get alot of your beers in. 6-pack shop and drafts. Imperial Pumpkin just kicked. Yum! needs to stop making drafts, seriously Finally pulled the trigger on some blog posts that were getting DUSTY as drafts... more current posts coming very soon! Man why are underclassmen so stupid!!!!! They make editing drafts soooo much more difficult!!!!! Lucky is waiting for you 50 cent Bud Light drafts Me DJing at Six Strings... Come on out! Some good proofs, and some terrible ones. But that's alright. That's what drafts are for. Eek! Was making the most awesome LJ post when it went down for maintenance. It was saving drafts so hopefully I get it back. I hate that! is cleaning his drafts folder. It's pretty cool if you don't use a client. You can mute people for a while, group people, save drafts, etc. Want an invite? Discovery drafts done. Now bed. Peace and love to you all. "power hour": $2 well, Bud and Bud Light drafts - Bar None - now! Fri. @ BrickHouse Bistro: $4 bombs, $2 long necks, $1.50 chili, & between 5-6pm enjoy $.50 domestic drafts! enjoyin some 1 doller drafts and some half price apetizers at the applebees with and the other half of come join. Friday @ BrickHouse Bistro enjoy $4 bombs, $2 long necks, $1.50 bowls of chili, & between 5-6pm only enjoy $.50 domestic drafts. Ooops version 6063 !!! But in my case the tweets r still saved in the drafts section, version 6062 !!! I've c ... But in my case the tweets r still saved in the drafts section, version 6062 !!! I've changed the behaviour for auto-saving D ... Peel Tweet-Up THIS Saturday noon-3:00 - $1 off all drafts - Twitter followers and FaceBook Fans exclusive. 2FER Tuesdays! 2 for 1 dinners & 1/2 off tequilla! $2 drafts & house margs! Dishing it out by the twos! INFO Kobayashi subs for unwell Glock: Glock laid low by heavy cold so Toyota drafts in Japanese test driver f.. sooo happy learned how to from my mock drafts lol About to go to applebees hooray for $1 drafts... Chugged two tall Miller Lite drafts and feeling pretty good. Now back in the hotel room with chicken fajitas and southwestern eggrolls. four full songs three of songs= my drafts Kobayashi subs for unwell Glock: Glock laid low by "heavy cold and fever" so Toyota drafts in Japanese test dri.. ITV-F1: Kobayashi subs for unwell Glock: Glock laid low by "heavy cold and fever" so Toyota drafts in Ja.. Do you remember how to get here? -->in drafts... Don't feel ike deleting lol
Lession of the Day: I can still murder computerize tests. 87 and 90 respectively. ... track is amazing! I love the breakdown but they shouldn't computerize her voice so much :( And another question that annoys me, is it okay to have our Research Paper computerize? WTH. i actually regret having tickets to sitnb now wat a fucken fail!! go die in a hole with your crappy computerize.. Manual and Computerize Analysis or Both?: Just to recap on my method of deriving 4D forecast numbers. Below the.. abis searching di sini disebutin yang hal-hal yang computerize n digital Even so, we'd get to computerize everything. :| engga jg sih ada yg lbh suka main sketsa tp ada jg yg ga suka sketsa dan lbh prefer ke computerize. its up to you & ur lecturer computerize bookkeeping
well... can't make the acct authorizing link from my email work. got any hints? 'President Obama signs Presidential Determination Authorizing up to 80,000 Refugee Admissions in Fiscal Year 20...ht.. 'President Obama signs Presidential Determination Authorizing up to 80,000 Refugee Admissions in Fiscal Year ... Just wrote letter authorizing vet care, limiting it to exam & bloodwork, meds & fluids, and asking private cremation the worst happens. :( President Obama has signed HR 2918, which includes the continuing resolution authorizing E-Verify through Oct. 31st. PRESIOBAMA SIGNS PRESIDENTIAL DETERMINATION AUTHORIZING UP TO 80,000 REFUGEE ADMISSIONS IN FISCAL YEAR PRESIDENT OBAMA SIGNS PRESIDENTIAL DETERMINATION AUTHORIZING UP TO 80,000 REFUGEE ADMISSIONS IN FISCAL YEAR I remember DSWD authorizing all Petron stations as donation center - right? President Obama signs presidential determination authorizing up to 80,000 refugee admissions in fiscal year 2010 President Obama signs presidential determination authorizing up to 80,000 refugee admissions in fiscal year 2010 President Obama signs presidential determination authorizing up to 80,000 refugee admissions in fiscal year 201.. Obama Signs Presidential Determination Authorizing up to 80,000 Refugee Admissions in Fiscal Year 2010 The White House - Press Office - President Obama signs presidential determination authorizing... (via Obama Signs Presidential Determination Authorizing up to 80,000 Refugee Admissions in Fiscal Year 2010 Holocaust: October 1939 Hitler Signs Order Authorizing Involuntary Euthanasia in Germany, the order is backdated to 1/9/39 New TX law (HB 652) authorizing qualified escrow officers to hold a license and operate as a notary public. Can anyone shed light on thiis? Is any1 else complaining of XBL not authorizing credit cards? also not working, but ZuneMP is accepting my cards. MPSC approves settlement agreement authorizing SEMCO Energy Gas Company's 2009-2010 gas cost recovery factor - ... WH this afternoon, Pres. Obama signs a bill authorizing a Congressional Gold Medal for Arnold Palmer. >@b4noon Yeah! Back at the WH this afternoon, Pres. Obama signs a bill authorizing a Congressional Gold Medal for golfing great Arnold Palmer. power under I Section 8 of Constitution authorizing Congress to REQUIRE purchase of health insurance. power under I Sec 8 of Constitution authorizing Congress 2 REQUIRE purchase of hc insurance No power under I Section 8 of Constitution authorizing Congress to REQUIRE purchase of health insurance. No power under I Section 8 of Constitution authorizing Congress to REQUIRE purchase of health insurance. No power under I Sect 8 of Constitution authorizing Congress to REQUIRE purchase of health insurance. No power under I Section 8 of Constitution authorizing Congress to REQUIRE purchase of health insurance. I mean after authorizing you, of course. Also tomorrow, Obama signs legislation authorizing a Congressional Gold Medal for golfing legend Arnold Palmer. Fore! Yea! Also tomorrow, Obama signs legislation authorizing a Congressional Gold Medal for golfing legend Arnold Palmer. Also tomorrow, Obama signs legislation authorizing a Congressional Gold Medal for golfing legend Arnold Palmer. Fore! Also tomorrow, Obama signs legislation authorizing a Congressional Gold Medal for golfing legend Arnold Palmer. Fore! Essentially, is right, issue is coming down to Appropriations Committee v. Authorizing Committee Bush-era Plan Authorizing Off-road Vehicles on Federal Lands in Mojave Found Illegal Yeah! Anyone else having trouble access the AMEX website or authorizing charges? Bush-era Plan Authorizing Off-road Vehicles on Federal Lands in Mojave Found Illegal by McCain: Have seen shift in authority from authorizing committees to appropriating cmtes., leading to earmarking & corruption McCain: Have seen shift in authority from authorizing committees to appropriating committees, leading to earmarking & corruption Tip # 5: No surprises. Know what is on your driver's record and credit history; update your credit file before authorizing background check. With the legislation authorizing Fema camps, where is the legislation about how you get out of one? What is legal procedure? No procedure? Sen Durbin is impressed with the high authorizing standards for opening a DC school. Sen Durbin is impressed with the high authorizing standards for opening a DC school. - Brizzly has been "authorizing your Twitter account" for about 10 minutes now. Hmmm... exelearning and adobe captivate (authorizing tools) Staring down left, knee authorizing and have to do the former population growth example, one is? and um, i dunno about you, but i'm not authorizing or financing the murder of thousands, nor contributing to combat PTSD .. Ummmm .. yeah your right ... it wasn't a paper authorizing me to owning your Bike .. "hee hee" I'm gonna need to see a chit sheet signed by Hugh authorizing your buddy. BREAKING: Former Peru President Fujimori pleads guilty to authorizing wiretaps and bribes, LT Former Peru President Fujimori pleads guilty to authorizing wiretaps and bribes. | AP (AP) - Former Peru President Fujimori pleads guilty to authorizing wiretaps and bribes.
oh but if they were only with you when you talked like that. its not offensive when it comes from you :D LUV.. THIS.. GUY.. End of a long but fun day with KITH. Shot a wonderfully offensive scene. Hope you like it, angry people.. Man pleads guilty to 'White Power' A man has pleaded guilty to offensive behaviour for displaying "wh.. I lose followers by the tweet..I should be more offensive.. All right, engage me. What was offensive about Bachmann's remarks? Be specific the following profile may contain offensive material that may not be appropriate for children under the age of 1. Good episode of Outside the Lines today talking about the Dakota "Fighting Sioux" Some Native Americans say it's offensive. Review: The Invention of Lying Should Have Been Funnier: "It's not so much actively offensive as it is pas.. bored. thinking about wat this dude name had said about me during lunch that was extremely offensive. trying not to get it to me. I guess I'd like you to tell me what was so offensive about her comments. Idk I say wot I feel Like wats the difference if u say no bruno nstead of no homo? If no homo pose 2 b offensive 2 gays. ...apparently, most of them are fake... The sad is that i actually have with me an email from someone that's both sad and offensive... Quick quiz. Is the word moist offensive? 5 out of 6 here at lunch say yes. Good words gone bad. did he do something offensive again? been coming across a lot of links to a lot of these politically incorrect, offensive, insensitive tweets and Facebook status messages but.. the term fag is very offensive. You wouldn't want me to call you a cracker. I'm sick of that word already. Find a new one. We were told, last TWC issue, major problems with authors who did not want copyediting. Editing of opus = offensive! ~~Sigh. Like wats the difference if u say no bruno nstead of no homo? If no homo pose 2 b offensive 2 gays. You are utterly and completely offensive in every way. And I love it. Shut Paul Lee on all spots on the floor for good. This man is an offensive machine, and is willing to do the work. Exciting to watch. lmao he do right? YEAA IT KINDA SCARED ME .. BUT I LOVE so I can't joke on him .. But its really OFFENSIVE! LoLz Question: What's the most offensive word: cunt, pussy or twat? Cunt seems to be the brow raiser Lions offensive linemen credit coaching staff for revival of running game I must warn you of the comments in the interview. Most of them are about Reed and it's INCREDIBLY offensive and I advise you guys to click i remember his name, i could totally out him. his name rhymes with men and with a k. as vulgar as it is, i lived this. offensive? Ex-Drummer is maybe the most offensive film I've ever seen. Great stuff. Poor Kipper, having to suffer through a Flames team with no offensive structure that finished 3rd in the WC in goals. not offensive at all, makes absolute sense. I know I'm doing well, but I also know I've got lots to learn. I just sometimes >> I happen to like music, however, he and I had a convo earlier this evening about his offensive tweets. Slut whore bitch hooker skank whatever you find offensive but she almost hit my got damn truck but she hit my friend's car instead lol Nothing, I just had the nerve to saying that. Don't take it offensive ma. Brawling Hibernian: IBG: "Gettin' Grungy Wit It" Edition: As to whether she is an offensive or de.. How is it the least bit offensive to ask a midget where the "pot o' gold" is? I just don't understand people sometimes. That's clearly offensive goal tending, the boy is all over the rim. World~ Surprisingly, Saints Defense Leading the Way Against NFL's Offensive Explosion Oddly, the younger guys look, but aren't as offensive or blatant. Plus, most of the younger ones understand how damaging I can be! well im terribly sorry if being told im 'whining' is offensive when currently, my life is falling Real Talk.... That pic sh*t is offensive, & Crazy!!! I don't know what they were thinking. (gladuputemonblastthough) lol Haha.. Pretty offensive tagline.. 13 gerai McD berubah menjadi Tony Jack's. Dan tagline mreka adl "Better than that ONE" The name can be offensive or a way passed from the limit, but there are no anything of villain there, only photos and things that I write Question: most offensive: cunt, pussy or twat? OVERWHELMING majority: drumroll... CUNT! And I agree Haha.. Pretty offensive tagline.. 13 gerai McD berubah menjadi Tony Jack's. Dan tagline mreka adl "Better than that ONE" Ive learned 2 things tonight. my hole is offensive and guys want me to take their ass. combined that is special in a way. Despite allowing 4 sacks in last wk's 16-10 loss to S. Carolina, no changes planned for Ole Miss offensive line. Magda's comments were outrageous and offensive. Not ALL cyclists are bad. Just the fat Malaysian monkey-looking concentration camp ones. Blog: Conservative Group Calls for Prayer Offensive Against Treasonous ... FSU offensive line needs to improve on their 5 sack performance against USF.
ah yes -- that's the video that one of the WoW race dances is modeled after :) new in the shop modeled by zomo :) I would buy those as long as you modeled them for me :) Dont waste time on moronic myspace msgs or people! in fact, it's really modeled on the British system--so much so that I in third form. :-) Hey sis!! Got a new profile to play with sometimes. says she was modeled on me - I don't see it :-) next week, i'm gonna make a family made up of ned, chuck, and a son/daughter modeled after young ned/chuck on the sims :) [YAYstalkerstatus] I actually did have an exciting day! I modeled for a charitable cause. It was a very interesting and fun experience! : ) I assume that was a reply to me :) Yeah, she said she was 20-ish, he came thru town and did a gig at a college and she modeled. look the cat mascot on : the drawning was modeled on my real cat :) too bad ya computer aint fixed yet....I re-modeled my whole profile to represent you :-) - This setlist is MINE! Modeled by claudia. :) Coolest faucet ever! And the beautiful modeled it perfectly :) Who's the kid that modeled for gerber cuz hes so kute :) - My best photograph , modeled by my cousin Weno, yihaaa :D Anna Nicole Smith and Paris Hilton modeled for 'Guess' and they fit perfect for the job.. Paris always does great :) So i modeled my for the yearbook last period :) ,4rm when she modeled @ the Dubshow n myspace 4 my clothin line. =)
also, I merged in a patch today that lazily initializes jeweler, so it's not loaded til you're invoking the tasks windsor initializes all referenced entities even though they should be null
haha, aight. i'm busy on monday and tues, but i'm free wed and thurs after school, was thinking of going if she's still there Sideshow: Madonna: Better dead than wed: Speaking of animals, let's catch up on the magnetic actor D.. I can do next Wed after 2 p.m.Sorry about slow response,got busy.I will try to get your twitter nick out so they can contact u It's in the Bag! (Sack-Lunch Staples): MON TUES WED THURS FRI 10.02.09 Packing a lunch is one of the best ways .. 7.6 - SOUTHERN SUMATRA, INDONESIA: Date: Wed, 30 Sep 2009 10:16:09 UTCLat/Lon: -0.7254/99.856Depth: 81 Sounds like a plan! Will be doing a Jozi round-trip on Wed/Thurs, so let me know :) next Wiltshire Business Club meeting - Wed 7th October. //Hope it goes well, but can't make it, sorry I'm NYC mon-wed, then CH, your whereabouts? Yes, thanks, let's pray for God's protection over you and all. We felt a bit of shake in the building on Wed and Thursday too.... More?! 7.6 - SOUTHERN SUMATRA, INDONESIA: Wed, 30 Sep 2009 10:16:09 UTCLat/Lon: -0.7254/9.. What might a Health 2.0 GP Practice look like? Great w'shop on Wed with patients, students and practice & PCT staff. Loads of good ideas. Sideshow: Madonna: Better dead than wed verdict on Ming Yi will be out on 7 Oct, next Wed. Stay tuned... $10 FREE calling card bonus & 50% OFF Rates on Wed. 4 the next 2 months 10% off. Enter coupon "call101" Yay for Once Wed! Hey are you going to the Stonnington forum next Wed at 1pm? Is that what you meant? Yeah I noticed stuff.co.nz went bellyup in Syd when I was trying to find out about the Tsunami on Wed.. Sure Bet : Derby-Sheffield Wed - profit: 0.861510791367 % Try as I might, I can't schedule the reunion on Wed night. Says both online & in the iPhone app it's done, the forgets??!! Got some nice pics @ kids show @ Bambanani Wed on Chantix, Wed, Sept. 30th, time to quit smoking ! Wish me luck ! Wow. Im now working 6 days in a row! I work fri sat and mon night. Off tue. Work wed. Off thu. Work fri. Im gona need a SERIUS foot masage Wow. Im now working 6 days in a row! I work fri sat and mon night. Off tue. Work wed. Off thu. Work fri. Im gona n ... Less than a week to go until the next Wiltshire Business Club meeting - Wed 7th October. Let me know if you are coming. Less than a week to go until the next Wiltshire Business Club meeting - Wed 7th October. Let me know if you are coming. Sideshow: Madonna: Better dead than wed - Philadelphia Inquirer lol nigga I'm 5'7 and a half and I'm free bet. Nx week wed-sun catching up with my ladies-show from wed, u looked so small/thin & your boobies so BIG! go girl! We live in a medium sized town in England and even though its the 21st century, half the shops shut on Wed. afternoon - how do they survive? wed night wazza,I was at OT-you n the team had a great game.i used to play pro but double ligament snap finished me.add me yeah he does..he def does way to much for us all<3 simply the best!! and I think so!! If he will ever find me again! wed be ok! yay! thanks! can't wait for wed shooter to congrats newly wed i hope all goes well 4 u..tell da hatas 2 fucc off! love u doll! 7.6 - SOUTHERN SUMATRA, INDONESIA: Date: Wed, 30 Sep 2009 10:16:09 UTCLat/Lon: -0.7254/9.. Ouellette (Fresno) posted an amateur photo: (islands, ma, romance, destination, vermont, florida, wed, farm, island, ... yeahh.. ill be home wed-sunday thanksgiving weekend..but i'll be seeing u in vegas right? SmugGit is very sad - his minoHD won't arrive til Tue or Wed next week [sigh] Trackle Theft - 7XX BLOCK SERRA STREET,, Santa Clara, CA on Wed, 30 Sep 2009 00:00:00 -0.. i watch way too much tv. mon - GG, tues - hills city, wed - antm glee, thurs - greys anatomy. himym might soon be added to the list. So Letterman went to the feds for testified this morning. So he told everyone on tv since wed fine out anyway. i told gus wed be there richie, and if we dont go that makes me a liar and thats not what im about. not now NOT EVER - benchwarmers ily "look at me i'm sandra dee wont do to bed till i'm legally wed" haha funny song cool bro.same here. would you wanna set this to be a release tee for a future Wed.Mixer?? Will be catching toy story 3d! Yes i will,just not sure when in the next week. How did i not know this was out this weekend?! Wed it wil be! FOC recruitment booth @ the benches this coming Tues & Wed till late. "If not you then who, if not now then when?" =P So...this is kinda late, but huge thanks for coming to my office Wed. It made my day! As did tonight's festivities. Sion off to the train station to get my ticket to Hamburg to see Dead By Sunrise on Wed!! If I had a band wed learn to play the king of the hill, southpark, aquateen and boondocks themes and wed be called adultswim
Saw it.... Wanted it..... Had a fit.... Got It... Cowgirls Unlimited a must see site, :#shelooksgoodbut she isn't <--- She'd look much better without the cowgirls jersey on :-) I hate these chase games. I hate being disapointed. My Cowgirls don't cry; i'll try not to. :( OMG IM LOOKIN AT COWGIRLS LMFAO Yeah hard knocks made me kinda of like them..Yeah the 2nd half was awful.. The Cowgirls have lot of issue too!! Probably take a L SOCCER: Cyclones look for win against Cowgirls: Coach Wendy Dillingers message to her team the past few weeks h.. Nightly winners. 1st-$50 in Cowgirls buks, $25 in Essence Romance products, $25 spa package Lefflers Salon & Spa This weekend the Denver Broncos welcome the Dallas Cowboys to town!!!where the air is thin! let's see how the Cowgirls handle it!! This weekend the Denver Broncos welcome the Dallas Cowby to town!!!where the air is thin! let's see how the Cowgirls handle it!! damn wut the hell u like the cowgirls, u like the skankees im to doubt ur love of he's a Cowgirls fan....WOMP!!! Cowgirls sweep Rogers State in exhibition - Cowgirls don't cry, ride baby ride... 4-0 after Sunday; Sorry Cowgirls fans! wow how yall going f the skins? lol must be bunch of cowgirls..lol u lucky u my hommie cuz ill sweep kick u lol is there any chance owners will only lockout T.O., Matt Ryan, and the entire Cowgirls roster? how was your Dallas trip to watch the Cowgirls? Home insane home. Just realized that Broncos are playing the Cowgirls Sunday, Broncos better beat their butts! 1/2 priced drinks for the ladies tonight @ Cowgirls Inc. I'll be spinnin Top 40 10-2am Just posted a beautiful 40's dress-great for rock-a-billy girls or real cowgirls! It's got horses printed all over it! Wonderful luncheon today with the Pink Ribbon Cowgirls. What a great way to kick off breast cancer awareness month! Got 4 free Brad Paisley tickets. Not that I like/know his music but Jarod and I going for cougars, MILFS, cowgirls. You in? - There is no sexier then Cowgirls Halloween. Come win $500 cash and prizes Gettin ready for the GHRA rodeo this weekend in Gay, GA. Come out at these great Cowboys & Cowgirls! New stuff at for Cowboy, Cowgirls and New English events prints! such a homer! Cowgirls are AWFUL! make it even did all of that against the bitch ass cowgirls!!! the cowgirls are horrible noooooo Skip, the CowGirls can never be top 5 as long as Romo is their QB Hi guys! So the movie I got nominated for... you know EVEN REVERSE COWGIRLS GET THE BLUES is on IMDb: you crazy girl!!! lol and TO don't play for the cowgirls no more....lol I still don't get how silhouettes of dancing cowgirls connect with refis, but that's just me. Rich Gannon predicts Raiders to lose, Donks to beat Cowgirls, and Steelers to win BIG over Chargers I still don't get how silhouettes of dancing cowgirls connect with refis, but that's just me. Waiting for the Broncos to put a beating on them Cowgirls wishing it was Broncos Sunday so we can kick the shit out of the Cowgirls. Romo is a turd. SB: Cowgirls sweep Hillcats - wins pair of games over Rogers State 10-0, 10-0 Never again! Maybe cowgirls by the casino. Their coffee is actually alright. But I do know better since both of my girls do coffee awww hush you cowgirls fan! Booooooo! Dumervil says he feeds off the crowd. Best believe I'll be loud against the Cowgirls! Who's comin' tailgaitin'?? Cowgirls Sweep Doubleheader From Rogers State - "Playfulness ceases to have a serious purpose when it takes itself too seriously" -Delores del Ruby in 'Even cowgirls get the blues'. Your such a fucking lady. lol Just like ya cowgirls. Goodnight. im watching "Even cowgirls get the blues". gotta have me some Gus Van Sant cinema from time to time. fantastic movie. :) Lovin all the cowgirls at jim bobs right now. Looks like the stampede ended in the right spot Tonight! 8PM Muster Masters! Hosted by Sunny Cowgirls and shot at the 2009 Gympie Muster. Let us know what you think. Saw it.... Wanted it..... Had a fit.... Got It... Cowgirls Unlimited a must see site, Now playing: George Strait - How 'Bout Them Cowgirls -- LISTEN LIVE: -- mp3:
If you feel bad enough that you're thinking of going to the Docs, I say take it off and go. No point prolonging the misery. Consulting defined: If you're not of the solution, there's good money to be made in prolonging the problem. steroids & pain pills helped her back on her feet but it's only prolonging the inevitable. she seems to k... Aww sh*t... I just realized my dinner consisted of beer, peanuts and goldfish. Prolonging sleep to fix this catastrophe. steroids & pain pills helped her back on her feet but it's only prolonging the inevitable. she seems to know it too. U welcome even though your prolonging our being the new Hov n B by your recent news u text me lol im happy for ya though! The F.D.I.C. and the Banks : Saving Each Other from Carnage? Or Prolonging the Agony? yessir, tired of prolonging it.. the Brewers are just prolonging the inevitable. :) Lower3rds are prolonging my work day Prolonging the big question... Playing the "where did I park" game. Thus prolonging my exclaimation of IT'S THE WEEKEND!!! As more things happen to me prolonging my CD Folios from being finished, the more I realize *not* offering custom items was a good thing ;) i believe in prolonging quality of life, not just life per se. Ok seriously need 2 get up, the cooler weather is already prolonging my stay in bed. Bring me coffee!!! "If you are not of the solution, there is good money to be made in prolonging the problem" I'm sorry, but this: "sincere apologies to the victim for any this petition has in prolonging her suffering" makes me sick New Blog Post Prolonging the Useful Life of Exterior Deck Coatings: Regular maintenance of exterio.. As they say if you're not of the solution, there's money to B made in prolonging the problem. As they say if you're not of the solution, there's money to be made in prolonging the problem. "Beliefs about the human soul are...prolonging the scarcely endurable misery of tens of millions of human beings!" -Sam Harris ...WORD! yeahhhhh i kno my b prolonging shit, i gotta do better.. Im going to apply 2ma b4 its 2 late Nako ako gustong gusto ko naaaaaaa! Ayoko na maextend yung finals. PROLONGING THE AGONY PA E :S Prolonging the agony of fan who already knows what's going to happen. "Blame is often blamed for souring people or prolonging conflict... also for having conceptual presuppositions that render it incoherent." If you're not a of the solution, there's good money to be made in prolonging the problem. --prolonging the sound. "Ohayougozaimaaasu" Waited so long for next TOMI, and now I'm prolonging it by *not* playing it. yea thanks. It's tomorrow and/or Friday. Time scheduling keeps prolonging the process. Smh prolonging skool days ain't gonna change shyt about how kids act.. it all relates to upbringing, circle of friends, family & et Watching the debate in the Dutch parliament about prolonging the mission in Afghanistan. These past few afternoons have been Cake afternoons. Listening through Prolonging The Magic at work. One of my fav quote: Consulting - If you are not of the solution, there's good money to be made in prolonging the problem. finally dealt w/ this issue after prolonging for 3yrs.....*pat on the back* prolonging the dreaded shampooing the carpet Three Simple Tips For Prolonging the Life of Your Jet Ski: Okay, maybe a will wear nurses shoes one day. Prolonging it though. :) It seems that he has been prolonging his life by taking the bodies of his apprentices once their mind was strong enough to survive it. House Rs aren't willing to take in budget negotiations...so who is really prolonging budget? Protecting big biz not our kids thinks the 5-day vacation is just prolonging our agony.. buhuu.. i just want this semester to end soon :( I was thinking of prolonging for another....let's say.... 2 months LOL Or such waters have learned the thrill is in the chase and are prolonging the fun. *slides her legs up on her desk* YM na kasi e dba? para express! you're just prolonging MY agony. hahaha! prolonging the inevitable Hope & Change: Poor Hardest Hit in the Recession /Thanks BO for prolonging the recession, stopping job recovery. Noooo, I've been prolonging the experience! I like the unending saga. Give in and let her be free to read or you're just prolonging the process she'll be done reading in 1 1/2 to 2 weeks. Awwww your prolonging things lol are you a procrastinator ?
if men are womanizers then can women be manizer? listening to the beatles my only mechanism to get homework accomplished then off to work & finish the night by going out with my womanizers! i dont hit any one with g im a cornball i dont have g only womanizers have g No way. Kirk is one of the most famous (notorious?) womanizers this universe has ever known! And britney.. How you get me angry with you when you sing of cheating womanizers. WOMANIZERS!!!! THEY'RE EVRYWHERE!!!! Raging bull is the ultimate movie for womanizers lol i wasnt being serious....but most men are womanizers though haha - do womanizers believe any woman is special? for the wrong reasons however! Women R Special though!! Thats right. I always choose the womanizers to oogle over. I feel like such a sucker. looll I don't let womanizers wife me up. Kobe maybe. I have really high standards though cheaters womanizers and no job dead beats like starving actors aren't really cute. all these men in here are womanizers haha Yoooo I look nothing like the rest of the men in my family...like I got the leftover wonder they all womanizers Just going for a drive a guess.... :/ feeling ehhh idk... I hate womanizers.... :'( met fake , phony , assholes , womanizers , scrubs , pigeons , Hoodrats , Etc.. likeee i rather walk the road alone... Bullshit lol because I lived with for a year and saw how bad these womanizers are!..Smh* not all dudes are womanizers and sit around think abt sex all day.. Some actually have substance not all dudes are womanizers and sit around think abt sex all day.. Some actually have substance Somebody told me that this planet was small--- ever heard of the six degrees of separation? Womanizers beware. why are my followers the biggest collection of womanizers, biggots, and possible murder suspects? Womanizers can kiss my ass because menizers rock the history channel. Show about the founding fathers being pot smoking, drunken womanizers. God bless America. Because the history of how a bunch heavy drinkin, womanizers founded the US using networks of secret societies isn't interesting enough.Damn Cell Phones are WOMANIZERS Why do I got this mssg lk life is all about him. Egocentric! I don't care @ womanizers. Grow up, dont need 2 deal w/ another kid's tantrum. damn girl you gotta quit that cuz you might get in trouble and i hate to kill a motherfucker over you but I HATE WOMANIZERS womanizers and men who don't know how to kiss! its Womanizers one year! yay! we are NOT womanizers!!! i'm drawn to geminis who r womanizers... lol guys are womanizers (men whores) and they refuse to just be with ONE lady... dey just wanna fuck EVERY GIRL IN THE WORLD! I always hear the owners are a couple of womanizers and and creep out women who go there. Not very professional. By the way, I'm a Taurus --- someone told me that taurus's are WOMANIZERS .. Is that true? 'ey centipede womanizers' 'or duckbillplatypus, theyre propa freaks them' Maybe he is, maybe he isn't, but I'll tell you what. Very few men I meet AREN'T pretentious or assholes or womanizers or whatever else.
((Sleep has begun to cast it's exquisite shadow about me dear tweeters. I am not long for this state of wakefulness... :( )) LAAAME. Which is more Wakefulness on a single FRIDAY, or a lifetime of memories from seeing a legendary band live? Gospel wakefulness results in a tender and a thick skin. love this! Gospel wakefulness results in a tender and a thick skin. Gospel wakefulness results in a tender and a thick skin. (via Gospel wakefulness results in a tender and a thick skin. Gospel wakefulness results in a tender and a thick skin. shaking, blackouts, inability to sustain wakefulness on nights out without snacks...9 o'clockle sunday eve, wahey! x Screw it, I'm going back to sleep. Suck it, wakefulness! Some teleconference calls can provide a real challenge to one's wakefulness. You are hardly trying, and the clock is ticking on my tipsy wakefulness. - Princess, A vision of your face In my dreams I trace. ...In my wakefulness I chase, My dreams to have a tweet. In triplicate. That's bureaucratic wakefulness. Tempted to give up on homework and succumbing to sleep's sweet embrace, but have just entered late night period of wakefulness. Throat is scratchy, and i just lost an hour to driftng off. Wakefulness fail! Consciousness is subjective experience or awareness or wakefulness or the executive control system of the mind Here I was thinking I'd suffer from a strudel-induced food coma & then the Cure's "Just Like Heaven" comes on. Instant wakefulness! Is it still insomnia if the wakefulness is caused by nausea from pain medication? I woke laughing (an unnerving experience) as I realised my subconsious mind had punned me into wakefulness with a piano tuna Prolong not the past. Invite not the future. Alter not innate wakefulness. Don't fear appearances. Nothing more than that. Live in the now There is an inner wakefulness that directs the dream. It will eventually us back to the truth of who we are- Rumi There is an inner wakefulness that directs the dream. It will eventually us back to the truth of who we are- Rumi There is an inner wakefulness that directs the dream. It will eventually us back to the truth of who we are- Rumi I have four plus chapters more to read, a journal to do, three more hours of wakefulness and a bar of Twix to finish. Balance, marry me.=) another night's interrupted by unnecessary wakefulness at 2 a.m. Why am I still up? I hate it when I fall asleep putting my son to sleep and that sets off a cascade of wakefulness I don't need Hit the wall in terms of wakefulness and troubleshooting databases. Methinks it is time to sleep. Power Fail = wakefulness, Can't sleep if I can't breathe. I wish Modafinil (wasn't/weren't) so expensive and regulated. Caffeine sucks for 24 hour wakefulness enhancement. Too out of it to grammar. 26 hours of wakefulness and still kicking. suffering is our lucid dreams in the "sleep of the soul". Choose Wakefulness. Wake up NOW. is awake again for no apparent reason. Soo tired! This is fraudulent wakefulness and I call shenannigans on my subconcious. good morning right back at you...thought i'd sleep till noon and here i am contemplating the wakefulness enforced upon me. You're all alone with nothing left but sleep. But sleep never comes to you, it's just the guilt and forever wakefulness of the weak. ...and THIS shit is a "wakefulness promoting agent", not a classic amphetamine-like stimulant... (Of course I LOVE it!) Eating porridge and hoping it'll give me fuel for wakefulness. Must finish Sam's card and Gran's today. I challenge wakefulness to a duel ang function daw sa reticular formation kay wakefulness. ako xa gi.google haha. Naa jud factory defect ako.a! :) unamused by the notion of wakefulness. Noon's ambiance pretty much like 5 in the morning. Hanging on tight to wakefulness. He spoke in your mind, Rufus. You must have brought his soul into wakefulness... please satan give me another hour of wakefulness to finish this film treatment i will give you the souls of and... Souls are nifty and all, but I would have swapped you an hour of wakefulness for a biscuit and some beer. please satan give me another hour of wakefulness to finish this film treatment i will give you the souls of and "there is an inner wakefulness that directs the dream and that will eventually us back to the truth of who we are" Rumi One's intrisic clarity and innate wakefulness is again shrouded by, and prey to, the winds of karma, the storm of emotionality and delusion.
I need to do a pinup of Alyx Vance and Elena Fisher pointedly NOT making out, but comparing the stopping power of various handguns instead. Ya told me in the SPRING you'd watch *looks at calendar pointedly*. There's a nice watch/rewatch VM LJ comm. Don't tell me that you wouldn't do the same for *her.* Or for her. *looks pointedly at then at you* also,accidentally referring to your already risque dance troupe as a 'dance toupe' in an email to a pointedly stony faced elder, never good. I am assuming we're having tonight at the Slip. *stares pointedly at blonde* its to get you all anxious derrh! its working quite effectively *stares pointedly* just go sit in the corner & shut up u aint leavin I'm entirely convinced Michael Moore is hosting free screenings tonight because I brought up the idea to him pointedly in an interview. *looks pointedly at the resident ontd_aier* :) Ba't kase ayaw nyang i-follow si Oppa. Lahat ng AI7 pina-follow nya except Oppa,like he's pointedly ignoring him for some ... - most Greener girls seem cool with it, but there were a couple today who glared at me while pointedly yanking open the other door. N-no! I do. {gestures rather pointedly down with his chin} It's the excited kind of scared. {gives his trousers a little tug} Pointedly ignoring that CSI: NY is on tonight. Oh A.J. Buckley, our love can never be if you keep humoring those script writers. Click click the link cowardice pointedly ignoring some dad trying to show off his fucktrophy. Really? Because you had me concerned...*raises eyebrow pointedly* Cites or it didn't happen. Considering the amount of time he's spent pointedly NOT inviting single-payer advocates to the table... More at pointedly pointedly Purell your desk surface and glare at him. Has his mind pointedly focused on Dawkins tonight on TV. Let's get this workday over so I can chill. {very pointedly shoves both hands up his with an eyebrow quirk} I am home. Probably also Twitter bankrupt. Trip was awesome, 'cept a couple where it pointedly wasn't. Blog posts will likely follow. A chrysanthemum heard her, and said pointedly, 'hoity-toity,what is this?' Want to defeat Obama? Socialism? Health care "reform"? Attack, attack, attack. And attack again harder, faster & pointedly .@lovelythings You know, there are those who would disagree with you. ::looks pointedly at Re:OLTL where there's smoke there's fire. ABC's press statement was pointedly NOT A DENIAL Want to defeat Obama? Socialism? Health care "reform"? Attack, attack, attack. And then attack again _ harder, faster and pointedly. "You could visit more often" Granny said pointedly. "But I visited last week" Errol sighed. "Oh yes! But you're always welcome!" In other news, neighbours are having a for her. I got a vague invite. Shoulda pointedly said "Well, we go to bed at 10..." No-one made anything up. Hannity pointedly asked him about Israel, then let him rant. Why was he on the show? Good cop, bad cop. She would normally be looking pointedly at her leash, but - for a dog who loves sprinklers - she doesn't enjoy the threat of rain... *Grins as she does* I like this game. I think this angle is rather appealing. *looking pointedly at her chest* I can see you hiding there *looks pointedly* My 4yo asked me pointedly today to please stop calling him "love bug" at school. The dude abides. Sigh. Rudeboys need clean teeth, too: *looks pointedly and Well shit. Wanted 2 send pics of Drunk Rob 4 her bday, but someone sent them ALL already. ::looking at pointedly:: ;-) My 4yo asked me pointedly today to please stop calling him "love bug" at school. The dude abides. Sigh. I've pointedly not criticized anything, because I don't know you and am not going to be rude. Have a cup of coffee, relax. At Paris mtg outside counsel pointedly noted that original push for billable hour came from US companies--an unwanted apparently
Watching the National Anthen at Leafs vs Habs game. Misting up a bit Ken: It's only misting now, time to make a break for it. Half-Way-Across-Campus-Rain: Not Really <<Dump>>. Ken: Its only misting now, time to make a break for it. Of course its misting. I washed my car. Soleus Air Humidibreeze Misting System # # Soleus Air Humidibreeze Misting System # # Buy Lead: Misting Fans And Air Coolers to BUY: We require misting fans and air coolers.City / Country:.. bok, itu misting segede ember jempol iyey segede gayung atuh..teu proporsional huwaahaaa ... The morn-dew of my myth falls mystic on the lake as sunlight glimmers easterly with misting in its wake. Glory morn believe, and send to me. Cool Patio 30 Professional-Grade Misting System $20 It must have worked at the last minute. Blue skies now, but it was misting at 2am. Is it misting outside, or are my windows just really filthy. Wait, don't tell me... HelloGoodbye is about to play my song. I can feel it. My eyes are already misting up... mosquito misting systems It's misting and I can see my breath. Oh huzzah. It's just a light misting out there. Hardly even notice it, really. it was misting snow here in Michigan yesterday when it was raining. Its weird lol. because only dusty pc's work. would you trust a sailor that wasn't misting a limb? didn't think so Its raining, ok its just misting but its freezing and i have to walk fence lines? To quote troy "r u freaking kidding me" Funnnnnn what. Hahaha! John, john.. Misting after the mock exams, yes yes? We shall menumpang stress on each other. LOL XD Not misting tonight? what is this weather? its freezing and like misting New blog post: Phoenix Maricopa : Misting Systems-Outdoor (Wholesale) Hey... Just misting up a little ..lol was eating lunch and thought i saw snow. i ran outside only to realize it was only misting :( Very cool! If you guys can't guess by now I love my boy like crazy. I'm misting up just doing this with him. I know usually it's just misting rain - I wasn't ready for it. oh it must be nice to have 75 degree weather! it was in the 50s today. and misting. and windy. Well no oil misting or garnishing. Trying to take a Saveur type of shot but failed miserably. :P B&BW used to have this lotion misting spray with lemon and cucumber. That's refreshing, esp in the fridge. Have you tried misting some oil on top, or garnishing with some nice cilantro or parsley? so its misting NOT raining. misting makes me sleepy where as the pitter-patter of rain makes me happy ;) its misting out atm . 14C cloudy. in a few weeks it will almost feel like snow . no typhoon remnants-maybe it's a tiny bit little cooler-more clouds&or misting rain&lots of sun-the ocean's a tiny bit choppier Its misting ... :O It's misting. Ew. Windy with a misting rain here. About 50. Seems a bit cool. Why Oh Why did it have to be misting AND cold for my morning run? Still did it though... it's misting outside... no, it cannot be normal and just rain. it's sunny and misty aha goooo us. back from my trip to Cali- misting the healing room with Pale Violet-- color therapy for getting out of the head & into the light So much for the sun peaking through. It's now misting at Comerica Park but not enough for the tarp. I can't wait to see Where the Wild Things are either!! The preview had me misting up with nostalgia! Excuse me do you have trouble with your glass misting up?! heard ur looking for eagle river weather - I'm in looking out the window - it's misting, no snow :) I now remember why I live in Florida...it is in the 40's, gray and misting...truly family makes it Indoor bonsai trees also need a humid atmosphere. Misting your plant may be necessary to produce an environment in which it will thrive. Just sold 'Life-Size Animated Witch with Misting Cauldron, Over 5' Tal' on Its misting in my eye. And stephs mom is way to forein to be serious when shes mad.(: lmfao Misting the tree is only beneficial for a time, so what we recommend is to place the tree on a humidity tray and add water to the tray
we saw 'pulled pork' on the menu and we thought of seetal straightaway:p actually also lar since she had to pull as well HAHA Audio: Pigs That Ran Straightaway Into the Water, Triumph Of by The Mountain Goats. Mine too! but at the bottom, mine straightaway shows 'Error'. :(:( From tuition straightaway to bandar. Tired bebeh Life Lesson:When in th straightaway at 240 mph,U must look ahead & b ready 2 go thru the Turns!~P.Calliari,pro-racecar drivr has just caught the and Daily Mail story. Well done Iain on challenging it straightaway and making a PCC complaint has just caught the and Daily Mail story. Well done Iain on challenging it straightaway and making a PCC complaint. Also, job applications lodged. They'll either think I'm telling fibs or get me in straightaway. Penske Standing Between Penske's Pits And Main saw the vid of you comming outta T4 doen straightaway, that 1? its cool to get these updates tests r not ussualy ty they love car engines don't they? Poor thing but I bet it gets adopted straightaway, the kittens always do! So there I was, Nascar fast on the straightaway in2 the kitchen when it happened. I overshot. Scrambled on tile like a OK, I'm now back from said doctor's appointment! 5 minutes to walk there, in straightaway, 10 minutes later & I'm back! Easy! 2 runs. Umar Gul to SR Watson, fielded by Younis Khan, 2 runs, Australia off the mark straightaway, bowled on a good length outside off, ... Maybe I should of ate the mangoes straightaway. [Personals]The afraid thing will not work in relationships. You need to ask straightaway; and of course be prepared if he says yes or no, a HAHA I don't know! I failed straightaway after entering the circuit. Then I decided to continue with the test, and he passed me! no run. B Lee to Kamran Akmal, no run, Lee's on target straightaway, slightly of length, just outside off, Akmal blocks it off the ... even I never read it I'm sure it's a TRASH. If they (who buy it) R GOOD people & know the truth, they'll burn the book straightaway. selamat pagi smua :) good morning.. tugas is coming.gonna finish it straightaway today! yeyy Ha. No. If it was you, I'd just call you and launch straightaway into a profanity-laced tirade. 46 mins: Longford on the attack straightaway, lovely bal over top, Foley for Glynn, Long got back to pressure him into a wild high swipe! We're off, Blues playing into county end, and on the attack straightaway, until stopped by the ref i'm thinking so. It would probablybebest buying pro straightaway. Well, you know me - very laidback on these things. I think he should have apologised straightaway when Ruth questioned him, I think joined the newly-reopened Cambridge Central Library today. Took like 2 mins, and I got my card and PIN straightaway and got 6 books already. Fri 10/2 James Richards at The Straightaway Cafe Blimey. Broken strap on swim goggle - can't find replacement on interweb - phone Speedo - sending me one out straightaway for free. Respeck When motivation's gone and all I have left is a blank stare It won't ever let me surrender (Never Surrender - Straightaway) So there I was, Nascar fast on the straightaway into the kitchen when it happened. I overshot. Scrambled on tile like a Cool Straightaway - NEVER SURRENDER just email me or send me a dm withya address n I'll send em straightaway So nice having food in the house. Family dinner with Now I'm-a clean the entire kitchen straightaway. Rarities! Are you proud, Mom? NEW video uploaded: "PW 3004 1-28-09 powering up for a straightaway" @ Cats. I have got to get back to work. Straightaway. Bbl, my dearies. You can do as I do and create a filter that takes all mail from specified addresses and deletes them straightaway. YAY SCOTT MC! A TR! I will read straightaway! whoever can carry the zac efron look in seventeen again, i marry him straightaway! white tee, leather jacket, sneakers, avatar shades!!! Should be in shops straightaway....apologies for this-.they were due September 7th but these things happen....let me no asap wen it arrives! u buy tic for me i go back straightaway ;) i did not get mine straightaway about 2 hours later Pengecilan perut on process :) tomorrow after work, off to gym straightaway haha. Pantai here I come on thursday with mates. Lendl and Henin come to mind straightaway. Why am I not getting notification emails for all new followers? I could block the spammers straightaway then. Considering leaving twitter. Look, it involves lots of beans and a straightaway (no curves or you'll run off the road). Finally created a My Face account! Forms my fraternity Big Brother straightaway! Haven't seen or heard from him in a very long time. Back but off to bed straightaway. Just had my dinner, how weird is that? First hour off tomorrow! Sleep well, all! xxxxxxxxx is amazed that a guy can roll his car 8 times down a straightaway and walk away from it ...
I've been seeing a lot of midgets lately...what's that about? Weird that I'm noticing it. in Wildwood, NJ there is a strip club that "chunkies & midgets". I didn't get to go, but it's in the NJ yellowbook!! thats right and theyre gonna a cult of hater burning midgets Box John Dell throws midgets for fun. He used to do it competitively, but it all ended horribly when he killed the pope. Midget School: Hot sexy Dwarves learn female ejaculation. Midget porn DVDs mailed discreetly to you. lol! because God dont curse,midgets does.they curses alot u know,small ppl who curse alot prob a midget too :p On mental midgets show on thurday 10/15 we will showcase random twitter folks. interested? hit me up. hmm... heheh.because God dont curse, midgets does.... they curses alot u know...,small ppl who curse alot prob a midget too.. :p heheh.. why's that? maybe i know now, why God create midgets.... You got hobos and midgets mixed up, dude. OBESE MIDGETS!!!!! lmaoooo I have the worst sense of humor. I laugh at things that shouldn't be laughed at. I don't wanna think about it. Stop with the midgets... Seriously <3 yeah, n midgets aren't real maybe i know now, why God create midgets.... : And The Midgets Name Was Stretch. Hahahaha Mental midgets piss me in, not off. Too tiny to deliver pleasure, but there they are, mouths agape. Waiting urinals. Thus. Piss. In. TaDa MT mental midgets:9/11 happened on Bush's watch.U cannot rewrite history Shawty look like two midgets fell in her back pockets and having a wrestling match ... all can hear in my head is boy better know..dj zinc..haha not sure why. too many midgets too many many midgets do midgets laugh when they run..the grass tickles their nuts Being in love with tempermental midgets. We mental midgets:9/11 happened on Bush's watch.U cannot rewrite history~pol of md us less safe-helped them recruit Do you think midgets have feelings like we do, or are they just... small problems? Shawty look like two midgets fell in her back pockets and having a wrestling match ... or you could unpack for me! Or better yet hire midgets to unpack for me! im in a land of midgets. software releases tomorrow then annie mac at tribec grand. salvation!!! she 2 2 b a regular human...I feel bad Cuz da midgets dont aCCept her either...drink sum milk ma :-/ Lmao My Dad: wow. Dean's a dick! Next time I see him I'm kicking that midgets ass. Me: he's 6'1. Dad: IDC! I've seen him be4 in Hollywood! i dont date midgets.( lol) and midgets and pancakes is how we do it over here!!! hahahaha well he has to do antthing he can to keep himself from going insane and killing a family of midgets u prolly beat midgets cuz u like they booties she 2 2 b a regular human...I feel bad Cuz da midgets don't aCCept her either...drink sum milk ma If u like gangsta poetry, delusional midgets, & bad ass kids--> I just seen the biggest midget ever!!____ok I'm totally obsessed wit midgets. So what do u mean "biggest midget" I am listening to the Mental Midgets show by ihuntmidgets on - Midgets Alexa Lynn, Kelly Leigh, Payton Leigh, Penny Porsche, Stella Marie, Trishelle and midgets and pancakes is how we do it over here!!! hahahaha not if you got more then me, heard you was wit edwin at the audition today...lol talkin bout midgets and pancakes..lol "Crowded elevators smell different to midgets." ... we are the SWINES. we r jst lucky we are like midgets. haha. <<dnt mk me post ur nudes. Don't make me give away your porn with the midgets for free for the next 24hrs. I think she got midgets with shit shoes dancing on her tongue this nigga teeth soo big it look like he go two midgets hanging out the front of his mouth! just a thought..how many out there would have sex w/midget..w/that said how many midgets have you done again?? sweet, work has just blocked twitter too! What's next, google? Go on, dare you, I'm going to post pics of naked midgets around the office i dont date midgets.< HATER...iM 5'1 Schools fundraisers are in full swing- Sally Foster's team od midgets is out in force tonight. Every two minutes-ding dong. lol well how many does it say I never pay it any attention.. And I take it u ran into some midgets lol
Good luck to everyone competing at the 2009 Avis SA Derby this weekend - we'll be there to cheer you all on! Can't wait! Dunlop golf golf clubs with exile stand bag & accessories excellant condition!!! in Derby Madjid's a Boug-ey man for Bhoys: Madjid Bougherra is planning to be Rangers' Old Firm derby lucky charm yet ag.. MEDIUM A5049 Merseyside - Accident , 1 car involved on Mill Bank inbound between A5058 Queens Drive West Derby and Lisburn Lane, in Live ... It's punk, it's power, it's women's roller derby taday is Naptown will have new skull necklaces as well as fun derby themed soaps for sale (Jammer Sweat, anyone?). You can... Really looking forward to getting those western regional derby scores tonight! Sharepoint, .NET Software Developer, Derby Savage's fresh Toshack criticism : Derby County midfielder Robbie Savage accuses Wales manager Joh.. Looking for an exceptional C#, ASP.Net developer in Derby today and a dynamic Junior Account Manager. They both have to be BRILLIANT! It's punk, it's power, it's women's roller derby Sure Bet : Derby-Sheffield Wed - profit: 0.861510791367 % Madjid's a Boug-ey man for Bhoys: Madjid Bougherra is planning to be Rangers' Old Firm derby lucky charm yet ag.. The Kentucky Derby For The Amateur Horse Race Fan | The Place With ...: The Kentucky Derby takes place every ye.. I think it's time to join a roller derby team.... Derby Jobs: and Design Teacher Savage's fresh Toshack criticism : Derby County midfielder Robbie Savage accuses Wales manager Joh.. Derby fun! in Mission Viejo, CA Review: 'Whip It' has fun with roller derby bnrn derby?? im down for some roller derby woo swagger chick! loving this A.D.H.Dubstep! where's Derby? and what day?x I wish I could be a roller derby girl I love the carnival; the atmosphere is like the Kentucky Derby here in the States. just seen : Whip It. roller-derby coming-of-rager strrg Ellen Page. yeah, it's pretty much Juno on skates. riot-grrl sisterhood stuff works. it's not cold in Derby this morning. I hope you enjoy our City today. Welcome :) Drogheda United v Dundalk: The Louth derby is a game neither of these clubs would like to lose, but for.. Misfits With Big and Roller-Derby Grit: New York Times Familiarity is not always a bad thing, and if the.. 273737-2009: UK-Derby: staff training services: Publication date (PD): 02/10/2009 | Type of document (TD): Cont.. Drogheda United v Dundalk: The Louth derby is a game neither of these clubs would like to lose, but for Droghed.. Ok so thats my Derby Related done! Anyone else??? Looking for that perfect Wedding Venue in Derby? Then look no than Derby Wedding Venues; Add your Derby Wedding Venue or Wedding Service to our database today! We are already receiving 400 unique hits a week! Misfits With Big and Roller-Derby Grit > greluda in Wolverhampton Nottingham Plymouth Devon Southampton Reading Derby Dudley Newcastle upon Tyneporn sex Tehran Derby (football) match tomorrow (Green wave will be there) (via ) we occationally alternated our Rock City nights with Derby.. Good tines. DERBY County will seek a second opinion after Miles Addison was told to rest his injured foot for a month. The .. "KING" Kevin Hector and the legendary Steve Bloomer complete the line-up of Derby County's greatest-ever team &.. JAKE Buxton could be ready to answer Derby County's call only 10 days after a hernia operation. Derby might tur.. A GRANDMOTHER says she "thought she was going to die" after a routine operation by a respected Derby doctor lef.. Fireing up the Flux Capacitors in as we're heading to Derby & I hear that can be like going back in time. ;) (sarahlay) Satisfactorily sweet & sticky chocolate cake & a nice cup of tea at Quad Derby for ... Whip It! I want to be in roller derby now. My name given by is Lean On Me. I'm ready to roll!
ah, so the PSP Go's battery IS replacable, but now warranty voidable.
And I have my very own copy of the Westminister Confession of Faith & & Larger Catechisms I've been reading, too :) Join us this Sunday for a study of Luther's Catechisms (9:15 a.m.), the school children singing in worship (10:30...
Dwarf Totem models are in 3.3... will I get to be a Dwarf Shaman before Cataclysm? Bum bum bum! World of Warcraft Cataclysm Blizzcon 2009 Debut Trailer (Want It) comes out faster Cataclysm comes out faster Cataclysm comes out Not after they begin the transition for Cataclysm. I agree, Cataclysm release will be highly indicated by 3.3 release date... I say no more than 5 or 6 months out from 3.3 going live It's probably also infrastructure for Cataclysm, where abilities rank up on their own. Cataclysm is what makes it hard. I can't see six months between 3.3 and the Cataclysm unless there is a 3.4 Lets not forget, so far as we know there is no 3.4. The earlier it comes out, the earlier Cataclysm would need to come out question for u for the cataclysm x-pac for wow. What is the 1st new char you going to make? 2012 trailer global cataclysm with John Cusack Cataclysm will be up quicker than we think. probably spring 2010 If IC comes out in late November, what are we going to do for a year while we wait for Cataclysm? Cataclysm brings with it the opening of Icecrown Citadel and the fight to the Lich King. i might have the week of the cataclysm release off again had a week to take before end of year so i took off november 16-20 we shall see Tristan ponders: would like me more if i race change to Dwarf when cataclysm drops? I know I will like me more FREE WORLD OF WARCRAFT MOUNT TIP: Zul'Gurub Swift Razzashi Raptor! Check me out on YouTube: BC WotLK Cataclysm FREE WORLD OF WARCRAFT MOUNT TIP: Zul'Gurub Swift Zulian Tiger Mount! Check me out on YouTube: WoW BC WotLK Cataclysm WoW Moviewatch: 84 85 - World Of Warcraft (Cataclysm) WoW Moviewatch: 84 85 - World Of Warcraft (Cataclysm) New Iphone Wallpaper: Deathwing World of Warcraft Cataclysm New Iphone Wallpaper: Worgen - World Of Warcraft Cataclysm You might as well say that once Cataclysm comes out they turn off DKs completely. My $40 says otherwise. I want to see azeroth and experience it once more before Cataclysm. And this just came to me, are they going to lock people out from rolling goblin and worgen DKs when Cataclysm launches? Cause that's unfair. I want to point out how many below level 20 changes there are. They sure are making a lot of changes now for Cataclysm. Right around corner? 3.3 so far looks like IC and not much else. Early level stuff is nice and prep for Cataclysm I'm sure. No imp quest? All this work goiong into and the remove all the class flavor stuff. That one really Blizzard Ideal Hosiery with a pedestrian ghost - Vacancy after the Cataclysm (thnx Nick Scribner for the titling). Ideal Hosiery - Vacancy After The Cataclysm (thanks Nick Scribner for the title) WoW Moviewatch: 84 85 - World Of Warcraft (Cataclysm) Yes I find that the longer they can survive in a landfill or in case of a nuclear cataclysm, the ruder they are. I strongly disagree.... and can only hope Deathwing doesn't forget the 3 river area on his cataclysm induced rampage. Dear Blizz: Please to be adding more pictures to the FACES of Azeroth section of the Cataclysm site. Sillies. :P Update: WoW Moviewatch: 84 85 - World Of Warcraft (Cataclysm) WoW Moviewatch: 84 85 - World Of Warcraft (Cataclysm) WoW Moviewatch: 84 85 - World Of Warcraft (Cataclysm): Warning: A little bit of cursing exists in this videoThe.. Via WoW: WoW Moviewatch: 84 85 - World Of Warcraft (Cataclysm): Warning: A little bit of cursing exists.. WoW Moviewatch: 84 85 - World Of Warcraft (Cataclysm): Warning: A little bit of cursing exists in this videoThe.. WoWTip WoW Moviewatch: 84 85 - World Of Warcraft (Cataclysm): Warning: A little bit of cursing exists in .. WoW Moviewatch: 84 85 - World Of Warcraft (Cataclysm) - WoW Moviewatch: 84 85 - World Of Warcraft (Cataclysm) - WoW Moviewatch: 84 85 - World Of Warcraft (Cataclysm) Oh my. Will there be a cataclysm? I was hoping for a mere brouhaha. Perhaps I should open a new account. Whenever men's rights are in jeopardy, will ride to your rescue! Not to worry... wait for the tweet cataclysm. Personally, I'd wait until they release PC specifics for Cataclysm. But that's just me. :p I'm going to have to upgrade before Cataclysm, for I think maybe around November-ish. So, about those Cataclysm pics from yesterday... which one was the most interesting to you? If you're waiting for Cataclysm before a new character, it's gonna be a long wait. :(
Entire towns could be destroyed and major dictators toppled by stench of my cat's poo. dying, after my pile of homework toppled onto me. OH MLIA. gleefully we will be toppled from top of aussie pops pozzie in a few hrs by C&B. but then MLD will be on their tail... i was responding to an earlier comment about Atlanta gonna be toppled or something ...therefore, we will not fear tho the B moved, & though the mountains B toppled in2 the sea ..therefore, we will not fear, though the be moved, and though the mountains be toppled into the depths of the sea. ...therefore, we will not fear, though the be moved, and though the mountains be toppled into the depths of the sea. 'The death toll in Sumatra has hit 1100 victims. Wed's quake toppled buildings and led to fires in Padang, home to nearly a million people.' "I & L & Y" is the only one I know. Just... toppled me outta nowhere today. nationalistic movement, Mossadegh, was toppled by the CIA. Hay truck thing toppled over in the middle of the gorham round about. Fail. Army pair in 30ft fall from bridge: Two Army gunners escaped with minor injuries when their toppled.. If Google Wave was from a it'd be more ignored than FriendFeed [If friendfeed was from GOOG it'd hv toppled Twitter] *Seriously* unamused to arrive at work and find half the stuff on my desk out of place, power UNPLUGGED, books toppled, and chair taken! yeah ur like "wwwhhhhuuttt?!??? i'm guessing u fell over after the flash went off. very gently toppled over, holding ur feet. Yes!!! Me and BitRunner have toppled the evil Buggie from his top five kudoed authors of all time thrown! ATP: Tsonga sneaks through in Thailand, Safin toppled Tennis-Tsonga sneaks through in Thailand, Safin toppled: BANGKOK, Oct 1 (Reuters) - Top seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga.. Tsonga sneaks through in Thailand, Safin toppled Reuters - UK - Tennis: Tennis-Tsonga sneaks through in Thailand, Safin toppled ESPN-Tennis-Wire: Tsonga sneaks through in Thailand, Safin toppled PK talking about Green position on hare coursing. Would it be mad if Greens toppled gov over that issue (as opposed to health/ed/Nama?) Yes. Go 8-4 lead over top of 7th. already toppled 5-4. Set to make 1 a magic number. Happy Rock Go 8-4 lead over top of 7th. already toppled 5-4. Set to make 1 a magic number. Happy Rocktober Eve! 's strictly alphabetized DVD collection of 500 just toppled over trying to make room for this new couch.......I think I am going to cry :( 32 drown as boat topples in Thekkady reservoir: Hindu Accident site: Rescue under way, as the toppled b.. So: a Gas & CarFuel Boycot? Would Regime B Toppled If Ppl Cant Drive Their Cars Nor Heat or Cook? Man, if everything toppled over at 6pm every day, it'd actually liven up the atmosphere considerably. Kerig and Iberg are driving Air Patti in gale force winds across Idaho, heading for Seattle, if we don't get toppled. Ida-blow. Has HootSuite toppled TweetDeck? [VIDEO] [I'm lovin' HootSuite, this video helped me use it better] Indonesian quake traps thousands under toppled buildings: A powerful off the coast of western Indo ... Superb catch on the boundary from Mishra to send back Darren Sammy. Misjudged it initially, and then toppled backwards to take it. 'The online industry has toppled TV's 50-year reign as the UK's leading medium' Gor Lummy! 'The online industry has toppled TV's 50-year reign as the UK's leading medium' wat a jerk, her car toppled and all he cud do was argue wid her...hullo ever hrd the concept of hugs!!! Thank u 4 tuning in Sun night.B/c of u,Cleveland apparently "crushed/battered/toppled"or"destroyed" Desperate Housewives Wahoooo! I just toppled my 11,000th follower! I just love people--or should I say tweeple! Thanks for the follows you amazing folks. 4 tuning n Sun night. cause of u, Cleveland apparently "crushed/battered/toppled" or "destroyed" Desperate Housewives Tsunami in Samoa: 28 dead, villages 'wiped out': Buildings were toppled and thousands of people fled to higher .. Tree toppled tonight, and other than the tree, no casualties.. Pictures on the morrow when there's light.. my inspirations about the ruling making changes have toppled. thank u for tuning in sunday night. Bc of you, cleveland apparently "crushed/battered/toppled or "destroyed" desp houswiv Thank you for tuning in Sunday night. Cleveland "crushed/battered/toppled" or "destroyed" Desperate Housewives pls put those bitches out of their collective misery! "...crushed/battered/toppled" or "destroyed" Desperate Housewives Thank you for tuning in Sunday night. Cleveland apparently "crushed/battered/toppled" or "destroyed" DesperateHousewives Thx for tuning in Sunday night. Bc of you Cleveland apparently crushed/battered/toppled or destroyed Desperate Housewive Can the goverment initiate the movement of all the toppled cars to a safe place where owners can later check? thank u for tuning in sunday night. Bc of you, cleveland apparently "crushed/battered/toppled or "destroyed" desp houswiv thank u for tuning in sunday night. Bc of you, cleveland apparently "crushed/battered/toppled or "destroyed" desp houswiv
Think of this as less of an undignified genuflection and more like a self-selected IRC chat room. My goal is to seduce the future this public begging and genuflection for a wave invite is pretty lame.. For my new followers allow me to introduce to you your mandatory Wednesday genuflection called - In tell me why. brown now associates himself with the Mandelson charisma after ritual genuflection to harriet harman! Solemn Yom Yippur everyone. No happiness already. Enough with the happiness, more reflection yet. Maybe genuflection even. Shalom. Muchos genuflection New Demoniacal Genuflection tracks up. Ran last rainy 20 miler of marathon training cycle before Mass this a.m. Now taper begins! Note: after 20 mi, genuflection =
I was warned recently that I was on track to become a spinster. Can a divorcee be a spinster? Aren't they mutually exclusive? I have 0 cats. Chances are you've never met a virgin divorcee. my husband and I almost broke up over FF. I was almost a FF divorcee. Just announced: 10/12 in-store featuring solo sets by John Hancock and DHS' Jose Castello aka Divorcee - FREE! The exec drunk. The day laborer drunk. The Hollywood drunk. The gangster drunk. The divorcee drunk (me) The woman who can't cry on cue drunk Just announced: 10/12 in-store featuring solo sets by John Hancock and DHS' Jose Castello aka the Divorcee - FREE! the middle age divorcee in me loves this news At a bar having beer in ear shot of a whining soon to be male divorcee. What do u women do to us during a divorce that breaks us down. DAMN! New at Listing: The Noble Pirates: A workaholic attorney and soon-to-be divorcee finds herself .. A middle aged divorcee? advice to himself lol. Hmm the man should remember I am nearly a divorcee...therefore not the best person to give advice She's not a single parent b/c there's another person with legal (and biological) ties to the children. She's a divorcee. A widow or a divorcee ? - oy watch it, I'm an over-glossed hard divorcee! Asp-less though xx Would you rather be a widow or a divorcee... cox plays this divorcee who is "rediscovering" her 20's and she's just hillarious Ok, you can be the Mrs. I read in your Divorcee Monthly that I should sign a prenup before takin you on? T or F ? reminds me of that song divorcee by 23. i would like to either have 1 marriage that lasts a romantic lifetime or have, like, 4 marriages and become a rich divorcee. I feel like a 43 year old divorcee drinking my wine cooler watching glee. question if u were a man hater what could I do as a man to make u nicer the lawyer I'm working for evil divorcee that is a bit disturbing. That poor judge being harassed by that vicious divorcee! ready to head to with another disgrunted, soon-to-be divorcee...joy.. ESP: Movie Stars - Amreeka A Palestinian divorcee (Nisreen Faour) and her bright teenage son (Melkar Muallem) move ... Divorcee buys new home with HomeBuy Direct [Gumtree] Fashion free shoot Divorcee? (Clifton): Hello I am a wedding photographer and studying docum.. Fashion free shoot Divorcee? (Clifton): Hello I am a wedding photographer and studying documentary photography... The Gay Divorcee (1934) is great its not really cheat cus she gave him divorcee papers. shit was bomb. ok bye :) hell yeah u r so lucky! I on the other hand was an old divorcee lol Small firm of 15 lawyers and I get the hot one. But she is a man hating divorcee I feel sorry for her secretary who is a guy. i always considered finding a nice divorcee with a good body and pool and see if they need "help" and pay me for school when I heard that riesling line, I just wondered when Kanye became a 50 year old female divorcee. when I heard that riesling line, I just wondered when Kanye became a 50 year old female divorcee. I loved Parents' Weekend. Look for some smokin' hot divorcee, starving for attention. It'll be a sure thing. I believe in you. LOL did you read it? replaced life with wife. one of the testimonials was from a "divorcee" haha Blind Items: Guess The Divorcee! My computer isnt working so I call IT and I get the bitter divorcee who tells me the whole story about his wifes affair and pregnancy. W ... Ya noks mak TERbaca kt nona she'll marry to a divorcee dato. Dato K namanya. Wedding ring chopard nyehhh.. Funny you should ask. We've installed one before in a divorcee's house. As for price, you never negotiate on Twitter. NO buhh i dnt wanna divorcee .
Revivifying Musings: Reading Festival: Think of the Big Day Out festival in Australia, then think about three w.. You need a revivifying sandwich from Pig in the Middle. I had never heard the word 'revivifying' until now
paper shredders india access control system India security system ...: paper shredders india, paper shredder, a.. Need a shredder? Oct. 10 event free: All items to be shredded should be removed from binders and free of paper .. Save Big on Sisco SC081BP 8-Sheet Shredder: List Price: $60.00Deal Price: $39.93You Save: $20.07 (33%)Identity .. Save Big on Sisco SC081BP 8-Sheet Shredder: List Price: $60.00Deal Price: $39.93You Save: $20.07 (33%)Identity .. : Save Big on Sisco SC081BP 8-Sheet Shredder: List Price: $60.00Deal Price: $39.93You Sa.. Save Big on Sisco SC081BP 8-Sheet Shredder: List Price: $60.00Deal Price: $39.93You Save: $20.07 (33%)Identity .. Save Big on Sisco SC081BP 8-Sheet Shredder: List Price: $60.00Deal Price: $39.93You Save: $0.00 (33%)Identity t.. [Amazon Goldbox]: Save Big on Sisco SC081BP 8-Sheet Shredder: List Price: $60.00Deal Price: $3.. [Amazon Goldbox]: Save Big on Sisco SC081BP 8-Sheet Shredder: List Price: $60.00Deal Price: $3.. Paper shredder in it when bringing shredder home. Now my car looks like it's snowed on the inside. She did offer to Hoover though so :-) [Amazon Goldbox]: Save Big on Sisco SC081BP 8-Sheet Shredder: List Price: $60.00Deal Price: $3.. Save Big on Sisco SC081BP 8-Sheet Shredder: List Price: $60.00Deal Price: $39.93You Save: $0.00 (33%)Identity t.. P.S., I really, really enjoy putting the notices through my handy dandy shredder after they've been paid. I do. Oh yes. Anyone else really fall in love only to have their put through a shredder?: submitted by to As.. Anyone else really fall in love only to have their put through a shredder? Anyone else really fall in love only to have their put through a shredder? I unlocked the Shredder achievement on Guitar Hero II! Brett Bates Web Video.: Zach Smith hooked up this web video of Canadian shredder Brett Bates from Lethbridge, A.. answer! Change of plan, shredder rosak! imma keep this instead! ;) ......Just went through old documents that's taking up space...damn shredder gave me a headache...I had to stop well, the best wld B insulting man utd! Hehe *standing nxt 2 the shredder machine, holdin the application form, evil face* :) Chickenfood can claim that Van Halen meets Red Hot Chili Peppers meets shredder guitar here... Slightly tipsy and operating a shredder that can do over 50 pages at a time. This night will end well... just hanging with my dog, shredder White Gold ain't got shit on the Master Shredder. I'm Black Gold. I do commercials for the oil refineries. Update- Retro Toy Review: Slice 'N Dice Shredder (Playmates TMNT) work on a seating area in the front yard...that shredder is just too handy I have a pile of mail for the shredder, but the dogs have been bringing me pieces of it, sparing me the work. Old flames are like old tax returns. Keep em locked in the cabinet for 3 years then its on to the shredder. the shredder so fun :) Her latest CD Second Season is great !!!! (@chrispandolfi: Kristin Scott benson shredder of the century!) Kristin Scott benson banjo shredder of the century! How bad is the economy? Well, there's a guy at the Valencia Staples using the display shredder to shred his mail. Oops! I seem to have run the office's character sheet through a shredder. It'll take all night to fix, try back in the morning. XD Miniature USB shredder - best or worst $4 woot! purchase ever? think i could get a shredding company to do a one-time thing? i have ~10 cu. ft. of paper to get rid of; too much for the little shredder A rat and a . . . ?? he kinda looks like a mix between Shredder and Grover. =/ VIDEO: AXO Shredder - Industrial Shredders Manufacturer New on TWRY:: Steel Panther Ultimate Shredder Flyaway To Vegas Contest our fallen hero is still the best shredder ever!! we love you brother dimebag!!! "re! spect! walk! are you talkin to me?!" is Encyclopedia Brown and the Case of the Possessed Paper Shredder that Turns Itself on Even When No One's in the Room. The mayor of Paradise is a teenager. I knew Paradise was actually Never-Never-Land crossed with Shredder's lair from TMNT. Aurora AS1225CD Paper Shredder Review & Rating - The Aurora AS1225CD Paper Shredder is .. Just had a shred-a-thon with my the checkbooks showing my old address. That shredder I bought just paid for itself. Homework for 3hrs, and it's still not done. Bring in the shredder I'm done haha I'm foolin oh righttt should try that dinner thing so not retardo like was at work today. lmao in middle of office with loud shredder doing 1 post it Fire and brimstone!Been shredding papers and old CD's most of the afternoon and the damn shredder is red hot! but his teeth look like a shredder Awesome! Haylie and that is my batgirl cooking utensil in my right hand. It can slice fennel like a shredder! Aurora AS1225CD Paper Shredder Review & Rating - The Aurora AS1225CD Paper Shredder is ..
Just to post. Could you take a look and see if that fixed it? I can still see them words that i have into my vocabulary: TWINs are in the bath. A new chapter of loathing for Brett Favre has begun when they fixed his shoulder they the horseshoe I see! opened my PC cabinet and a Hard disk which was misbehaving... now it is working fine! Temp bricked my iPhone 3G applying the carrier patch for Removed and the SIM card and then restored. That did it! Oh duh! He friggin is a alive! I forgot about that? (Deleted scene into the DVD?) we're only 3 months old. New biz ads were into dans reissue of the paper the week jaws opened in 75
ImmigrationVoice - Interfiling options At NH today, AJs office. Already deep into a discussion abt issues of future potential interfiling of NH main & MSRL. Lotsa fun ahead ;-)
Ep89 "Night Terrors" That Starfleet captain going mad reminds me of someone I saw once on a train in Tokyo. Acted the same. Ep89 "Night Terrors" Just noticed how the sofa in Picard's ready room looks. How about some pillows Starfleet? Ep 89 "Night Terrors" One of the more interesting, darker, stranger Next Generation episodes. Exclusive Twitter Leak: George A. Romero's SURVIVAL OF THE DEAD will screen on HALLOWEEN at FANGORIA's TRINITY OF TERRORS! hahaha it's gonna be like homer with his night terrors! "argh cobras! argh...cobras..." Exclusive Twitter Leak: George A. Romero's SURVIVAL OF THE DEAD will screen on HALLOWEEN at FANGORIA's TRINITY OF TERRORS! Exclusive Twitter Leak: George A. Romero's SURVIVAL OF THE DEAD will screen on HALLOWEEN at FANGORIA's TRINITY OF TERRORS! Exclusive Twitter Leak: George A. Romero's SURVIVAL OF THE DEAD will screen on HALLOWEEN at FANGORIA's TRINITY OF TERRORS! this is like all the terrors and the horrors of the world raining down on your scull. "Night Terrors (20month old)" Does anyone have any experience with Night Terrors? My 20month old seems to have Yay Terrors Very adorable! Makes me want a set! :) Fabulous, as always! XOXO Night Terrors Psychic Attacks I am trying to keep her on my side. If she gets angry with me, I have the terrors all by myself *shakes head* Meet Malcolm McDowell at TRINITY OF TERRORS - Vegas - Oct 30, 31, Nov 1. One of Malcolm's latest projects: Tom Atkins & Adrienne Barbeau coming to the TRINITY OF TERRORS!... - - via *Thinks of slamming on brakes and sending those little terrors into next week* Nah. if those kitten terrors dont get out of my knitting yarn .they will be hung on the washing line Fights The Night Terrors With All My And Soul.......For You. I Promise. And the faint rustling rustling of each purple thrilled me- filled me with fantastic terrors never felt before... your going to end up having night terrors... is home relaxing finally. Congrats to the Jr. High Terrors on their win tonight. ... is home relaxing finally. Congrats to the Jr. High Terrors on their win tonight. ... - My little terrors We survive the terrors in our lives ,so maybe you will listen and avoid it in yours.... The time to break the cycle is now. Tell me what you know bout dreams dreams, tell me what you know bout night terrors, nothin "Terrors of the skies," wink! Josh I love you and your southern twang. Bill Moseley will be appearing at FANGORIA - TRINITY OF TERRORS @ Las Vegas on Halloween Weekend at the Palms! Lance Henriksen will be appearing at FANGORIA - TRINITY OF TERRORS @ Las Vegas on Halloween Weekend at the Palms! I Still have night terrors hope it gives kid night terrors and the parents no longer sleep.... I've seen better days in my night terrors ya right hahaha but don't hate on the lil terrors!!! i'm trying, though the mother has ZERO control over these terrors. And i am tired of stepping in to be the heavy. I get night terrors all the time, especially if the room is too dark, too quiet, or too hot while I'm sleeping. I just noticed that the one who planned those terrors in Indonesia named Noordin M Top (a Malaysian jerk) was a gay. And I'm so glad abo ... Tell me what you know about dreams, dreams. Tell me what you know about night terrors, nothing. I'm waiting on Lacey to get her hair cut and Ivan's kids are being holy terrors. It is hilarious. working my ASS off on Trinity of Terrors!! check it out And the silken, sad, rustling of each purple thrilled me, filled me with fantastic terrors never felt before. Racer McChaseHer, Cookie Rumble & Boo D Livers from Whip It play w/ Quad Skate Terrors on Saturday, hosted by Gem City: now has TRINITY OF TERRORS Tickets! Haha...My office was descended upon by mini spanish speaking terrors...I was blasting The Misfits...T'was an education for them I want to meet your new housemate so bad. Is he a war vet? Does he have night terrors? moving my rooms around upstairs...to gain more privacy from the 3 terrors...LOL - This is just one of the many Terrors of London... The Saturn of my dreams/night terrors: "I would never have found the peace of God without the terrors of hell - schizophrenia."
also buy "spiritual midwifery" by ina may gaskin.I read it for both pregnancies.Its quite hippyish but v.positive & encouraging. Dermatology Drop Off is not an encouraging sign. I want Dermatology Stay On. The cold weather forecast for the weekend is encouraging me to take an '89 on holiday. It won't make the return trip. thanks mom it was so "encouraging" Published a new post: Thailand's central bank encouraging use of BIBOR interbank lending ( ) New Encouraging The Teamwork Mentality (Ali N) I may be in trouble for encouraging everyone to wear jeans to work today when we're going out for afternoon tea. ... Michelle Obama is giving a rock star speech, encouraging, emotional, motivating!#chicago2016 I may be in trouble for encouraging everyone to wear jeans to work today when we're going out for afternoon tea. C'est la vie. 'The Hope Experience' Goes Viral Worldwide: How can you build your own hope and optimism while encouraging othe.. today's newspaper was SO interesting, read it fully and all the news were nice and encouraging It is used for intellectual beings, the will which aims at encouraging the person who explains the meaning of the faculty of the corpore ... MIT is encouraging students to blog as a marketing tool, and paying them $10/ hr for up to 4hrs/ week (via Encouraging witchcraft? JK Rowling denied top US honour "Encouraging witchcraft?" JK Rowling denied top US honour MIT is encouraging students to blog as a marketing tool, and paying them $10/ hr for up to 4hrs/ week Encouraging news: Breast cancer deaths drop over past two decades: In middle of battlefield, Lord Krishna was encouraging Arjun to war against his own kinsmen, how can Gita be about unconditional nonviolence Are u encouraging him?!? *Gives you side-eye* Omg! I wasn't getting your updates to my phone! ): YOU TOO (thanks for encouraging)! <3 Feedzilla Drug therapy record 'encouraging' (source: BBC) Drug therapy record 'encouraging' (source: BBC) some encouraging development in professional events we conceptualized...fingers crossed..x kai! thats not encouraging o! But ill hang in there! mine is for a month, and its for charity! Even worse are people who call the company MAC. I've seen Logitech customer encouraging people to "Talk to MAC". That's encouraging enough for me. Thanks a lot. I'm looking at your site. So do you take being a nerd to a professional level? Encouraging night full of amazing friends! Can't wait to surprise my mom tomorrow with tickets to see her favorite broadway show! I just came home after doing my first ever preaching in English. My preaching professor wrote some very encouraging words in my evaluation. LAUSD schools need more and music, not less: ISN'T it encouraging to hear about two new a.. DailyOp| LAUSD schools need more and music, not less: ISN'T it encouraging to hear about two new a.. Long but energizing day at Equipping, encouraging, externally focused churches making an impact on their communities. See!! I'm horrible at encouraging someone to NOT buy something! The body language and mental attitude of the players was encouraging. Thanks everyone for wishing Roland a happy please stop encouraging the "month!" :) Clover Says: We are revitalising our forgotten laneways and encouraging small bars which can offer an alternative to large licensed premises so really is actively encouraging his listeners to help him harass innocent people: why is harassing and why is white supremacist encouraging said harassment? Spotted! Drug therapy record 'encouraging': One in three heroin or crack cocaine addicts in drug treatm.. I commented on a YouTube video -- I really love this idea! You will be encouraging the world to spoil our... Up late writing Midterm of Death. Suitemate (Jessie) just brought me Dr. Pepper and an encouraging note. Almost cried. SO CUTE! so ur encouraging this? Tensegrity session at the IASS symposium: interesting topics and encouraging signs Shes encouraging me to do it! If you go to church for a nice encouraging message that makes you feel good, that's all you'll get. Now if you go to meet God... Drug therapy record 'encouraging' I came home to the most amazing message on my bathroom mirror... all the things my friend believes about me! So encouraging!
seen tonight in old town: firefighters hosing down fresh blood on burnside & a girl who looks exactly like a muppet. Amazing, how a scary, big hematoma on a horse disappears with time and patience and lots of cold hosing evening suck, 1/2 my keychain( keys) missing, misplaced stuff galore,tired and cranky, IE8 hosing win7 when opening FB, gave up-going to bed Listening to "All I need" by Air while kilns do their thang : ) Rain hosing down outside guest hosing on Listen in! The good news continues: Hosing numbers are up! Hmm. Maybe it's the Powerbook hosing up the wifi. It's off now, and the iPhone is wifitastic. I haven't touched my XP since installing Windows 7. Thinking about just hosing that drive and using it for storage. Or RAID them? Finished mowing, edging, putting out ant bait and hosing down everything. OMG, must have killed at least 8 Black Widows. Yo! Hoop Magic is hosing an OFFICIAL 2K NBA 2K10 release and tournament on Oct.10th! 4 info call 7032685780 cash prize 2winner! Virgin were busy hosing their network around London yesterday. Perhaps they're spreading the pain around? Yo! Hoop Magic is hosing an OFFICIAL 2K NBA 2K10 release and tournament on Oct.10th! 4 info call 7032685780 Yo! Hoop Magic is hosing an OFFICIAL 2K NBA 2K10 release and tournament on Oct.10th! 4 info call 7032685780 cash prize 2winner! Katy Perry hosing EMA's again this year- is there noone else available? She was OK last year but two years in a row?? Yo! Hoop Magic is hosing an OFFICIAL 2K NBA 2K10 release and tournament on Oct.10th! 4 info call 7032685780 cash prize 2winner! *hosing you down* and not because of the fire.. because I see some Edward Cullen pics on the feed and I kno how you get! Storming here, but I have hot coffee & the scent of a ginger vanilla candle in the air as I answer emails asking about ECHO. Hosing by blog! home... Phoebe = painting... Zoe = painting... Nanna = hosing the plants... Me = drinking a cup of tea in the pergola... I had two cascading issues - me being and then hosing the bootup and a drive that was flaky. yeah I think it's hotel germs jonathan is going to have to hosing down before coming in the room Thanks for hosing me on that last call, Magic Jack. That was 20 minutes on hold with unemployment down the drain. (via Thanks for hosing me on that last call, Magic Jack. That was 20 minutes on hold with unemployment down the drain. Hosing off the muck from the yard, then for something to eat! LD6 hosing staircase show at NY Book Fair: Attemped to book DJ but she's left us for Uganda. Dear Eric Mangini, thank you for completely hosing my joke of Quinn in my fantasy league on my team's major bye week... Man it is hosing down right now! Driving home from whangarei is dangerous like this Im hosing myself down wit dazzle!!!! Sparklin on they ass... Second Cup hosing a 'pay it backward' event September 30th for those do gooders:) Buy the person's coffee behind you! *hosing myself down* Vote for Bill! Getting my "no, you're not hosing me" game face on for the dealer. Twins are hosing me Scorecard for Gardenhire today ... Bunts: 4; Runs: 1. Well played, sir. Well played, indeed. We're out of Canada and are currently in the de-lousing, scrubbing, and hosing down process. It's a hastle, but if it gets the smell off... v. successful bolognese ,eaten by both brats, altho now both need hosing down. Home made garlic bread was yum, not so good for diet tho. This Twitter client is hosing the javascript list. Go to and follow the directions for adding this to your browser. Tips for hosing (err, hosting) your Windows 7 Launch via Thanks for the web hosing link At an auto shop across the street, they were hosing down the drive and found a in it was a human turd! Some douch bag shit out th ... went on the phone to talk to BT for a client & it was sunny, came off and it was hosing it down. Can I blame them for the weather too? erick aybar hosing down the crowd with a hose? good thing we're not in a drought. Can anyone watch this file without hosing Safari? Mine can't. I first thought firemen were hosing us or smthing lol Al sharpton is hosing WWE Raw. How wrong is that? we tried hosing it off the driveway, but apparently the spicket doesn't work al sharpton hosing raw he hates the word "hoe" and if im correct cause i know i am the wwe uses it all the time what if it's not the dog who needs a butt hosing I am soaking wet after hosing down the Was kinda fun having the water splash all over the place; felt like kid in the sprinklers!
Lines. Both theatrically and choreographically. Lol. Then bed.
sirgutz Gates Foundation contemplates $400M in loans etc2 Non-profits. WOW. Gates Foundation contemplates $400M in loans, etc. to Non-profits. WOW. Aaron Gansky contemplates space to breathe for character and reader in Cormac The Road The easy griller contemplates the coming of autumn Post: A Married Couple Becomes Uneasy About Their Irresponsible and Excessive Drinking and Contemplates Whet... contemplates Colori tomorrow or Monday, as much as it was talked up... "Nothing will come of nothing." King Lear contemplates the involved in attracting Twitter followers. c/o Grey's Anatomy: Now or Never: Izzie contemplates whether or not to undergo a risky surgery. Charlie Brooker of the Guardian contemplates which is worse: the cult of Mac or fake recs of Windows 7? *adds rum to the hot chocolate, contemplates the game* "Nothing will come of nothing." King Lear contemplates the involved in attracting Twitter followers. Patton, stuffed from lunch and very tired, contemplates his afternoon combat strategy.: Twit contemplates Spirit, and ends up talking to Mae West. Contemplates sexuality, misogyny, objectifying women, and all the various interesting viewpoints therein. Somewhat intriguing. ;-) OMG! my dog walker plays 'pick the hand the treats in' w/my dog & she contemplates & picks (yes, it's circumcision!) Ron Litke Contemplates the Cruelest of Jewish Traditions via & average people contemplate a personal loan application, a team or shoe executive contemplates when to bust out the Cristal. lost in the rainy windy day. who else contemplates in the rain? *sees glare and contemplates going after her but thinks of how it would Liam and Maggie and decides against it* contemplates breaking the chains that bind her ... MP Government contemplates new sugar policy to incentivise cane production as yields fall. Grey's Anatomy: Now or Never: Izzie contemplates whether or not to undergo a risky surgery. Benny contemplates an enjoyable game of night beach volleyball b4 the show. I think I want some of social change. *contemplates* The world's cutest-ugliest cat contemplates venturing into the frog pond: A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral. Antoine de Saint California Gaming Control Commission contemplates new minimum internal controls (MICs) Motto Of The Day: As My Head Contemplates The Last Couple Of Hours All I Can Think Of Is Happiness... and How Its A ... A rock pile ceases 2 B a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral. A de Saint-Exupery sometimes contemplates being a lesbian!!! ... sometimes contemplates being a lesbian!! ... *contemplates* yes. No. Yes. No. YESSS! - JT & Jessica still together? cuddles with, career of Jesus, contemplates more kids (contemplates this). Cold beer?...Possibility. Ahhhhhh meh. *rolls over and contemplates not getting out of bed just to spite Brain* contemplates...."Stupidity is also a gift of God, but one mustn't misuse it." - Pope JP2 what do you call that? its not even interspecies, its like... inter-kingdom romance or something. *contemplates* Is it only me that sometimes contemplates lapdancing as a job? Yeah? ok. just checking. Wow, i have so much geography to do in the space of 4 hours. *Contemplates suicide* Just found by Stan Dorn: After Rejecting Public Plan, Baucus Committee Contemplates Folks isn't mincing words on this one.... GOP Bottom Feeder Contemplates AG Bid Contemplates pulling a to get the prize... Gerrard contemplates management Matlab doesn't freeze, it contemplates. Sherdog contemplates why some relatively inexperienced fighters can be successful at the higher-levels of MMA. New on UnfinishedBusiness.co.za - Travel Blog Contemplates -->
Fantasy, abandoned by reason, produces impossible monsters; united with it, she is the mother of the and the origin of marvels. marvels at the possibilities of random marketing campaigns marvels at the possibilities of ganglifom business strategies marvels at the possibilities of ambassadorial business communication always marvels at the words of youre kind of a lot amazing. I love lindt too! Even more since watching the modern marvels episode about them- really cool company marvels at the possibilities of reluctant business communication marvels at the possibilities of a plethora of fitness marvels at the possibilities of ambassadorial business communication marvels at the possibilities of magniloquent coed baseball Watching the History Channel. It's Modern Marvels: Worlds Sharpest. It's really interesting marvels at the possibilities of the Guatemalan marketing strategies marvels at the possibilities of subconscious business marvels at the possibilities of scraggy banking career marvels at the possibilities of tumescent business strategies marvels at the possibilities of Teflon bollywood music free online Spirit Halloween Featured on Modern Marvels! - marvels at the possibilities of previous total marketing marvels at the possibilities of random marketing campaigns marvels at the possibilities of quintessential fitness women After working 22 of 24 hours.. my brain is fried and I cannot sleep but its the devs I owe my thanks to as they are marvels at their trade marvels alot better than dc. i would take batman over anyone tho. but remember 1 character cant make a franchise marvels at the possibilities of periodical computing internet Picked up issues 1 & 2 of "The Marvels Project" while at the mall getting fitted for J.Harrison's wedding. Cool stuff! marvels at the possibilities of subconscious business Picked up issues 1 & 2 of "The Marvels Project" while at the mall getting fitted or J.Harrison's wedding. Cool stuff! marvels at the possibilities of ambassadorial business communication that means marvels is gonna become hecka JANKY ! hahaha MARVELS by Busiek & Alex Ross: Comic Book marvels at the possibilities of corpulent football results marvels at the possibilities of the Guatemalan marketing strategies This is apparently, "Modern Marvels: Sharp Things" or some other nonsense. EFF THIS I WILL WATCH MIGHTY BOOSH AND DRINK MY LIFE AWAY. marvels at the possibilities of subconscious business I loved JBS's Room of Marvels! Midweek Marvels marvels at the possibilities of ganglifom business strategies watching BBQ on Modern Marvels... my mouth is watering... marvels at the possibilities of perpendicular indigenous culture marvels at the possibilities of subconscious business marvels at the possibilities of the waiter's marketing consultant Stargate actor marvels at how green Vancouver is - we have recycling bins in the street [is that special?] marvels at the possibilities of flaxen strategic marketing Brady has lost his marvels helping Nicole any longer. He is Nicoles pawn marvels at the possibilities of omniscient search engine marketing marvels at the possibilities of the Guatemalan marketing strategies marvels at the possibilities of ill-conceived business week marvels at the possibilities of speculative direct mail marketing
My Hippie Name: Mystical Amicable Radical Idol from the Avant-garde Nonconformist Note from the Allman brother's Why do you have to be a nonconformist like everybody else? - James Thurber Why do you have to be a nonconformist like everybody else? - James Thurber Why do you have to be a nonconformist like everybody else? - James Thurber I overstand! I'm a nonconformist... Prototypical nonconformist, you are a vaccuous soldier of the thrift store gestapo. HIPPIE NAME: Weird Exotic Nonconformist Drugs from the Yoga Are You a Nonconformist? - - You Are 82% Non Conformist what is a disciplined nonconformist? Don't you just hate it when your brain goes on holiday without you? Mine does it all the time. nonconformist brain... bah! just finished watching Twilight. yea I know I'm behind. I like 2 think myself as a nonconformist in sum areas. I do things in my own time. There's a song about a boy who colors in a nonconformist way.Teacher corrects him. He finally conforms. A squashed spirit. via wow you are such a nonconformist. I reject everyone's greetings of the morning, and say goodnight, because I'm going to sleep. NONCONFORMIST! >:3 Yeah, good night. I need a thneed! ... Oh wait, I'm nonconformist... Nevermind... I'm being conformist by trying to paint myself as nonconformist. You see? I was nonconformist before nonconformity was cool. lol yeah I forget I am tweeting international and we are still nonconformist with our measurements Paper-Case | the nonconformist - Eco-friendly and recession-friendly iPhone case.... if they would've just kept G-20 a secret, you wouldnt have know the difference. die nonconformist protesters! -"Whoso can also be a woman must also be a nonconformist...speaking from experience. lol "Whoso would be a man must also be a nonconformist". I like a alot of different stuff now...metal, classic rock,some gothic,some country.....nonconformist me!!! As a grammar warrior and nonconformist conservative, I feel the loss of William Safire. Read him since I became literate. Bohemian: a nonconformist writer or who lives an unconventional life :/: Download Zak Risk - A Bohemian EP f ... It gives me great pleasure indeed to see the stubbornness of an incorrigible nonconformist warm..-A.Einstein I'm a nonconformist with men X_____X Einstein ~ It gives me great pleasure indeed to see the stubbornness of an incorrigible nonconformist warmly acclaimed. Luther King once said that you have to be a conformed nonconformist The Children of War | the nonconformist - The Children of War | the nonconformist - Coalition to Stop the Use of... I believe that I am and live my life as such! If I had to describe you, I'd use Nonconformist! It gives me great pleasure indeed to see the stubbornness of an incorrigible nonconformist warmly acclaimed. Einstein It gives me great pleasure indeed to see the stubbornness of an incorrigible nonconformist warmly acclaimed ~Einstein It gives me great pleasure indeed to see the stubbornness of an incorrigible nonconformist warmly acclaimed. i want so badly to join the farmville craze but my nonconformist bastard of a me wont let me I really don't think I should have to cater to rebellious, nonconformist browsers like IE, even if a ton of people still use it. 4 out of 5 dentists agree that the 5th dentist is a nonconformist No thnx, my tolerance for unnatural/nonconformist lifestyles ends at the church/temple/mosque doors really fill up the weed count. I wondered about a suggestion to with another tag, to spread the word
Houston to spend $3.3 million on BARC renovation New home renovation show from LocoTV - try to find a new ASAP...our old already needs renovation so we have to moved out... is eating and a pear as I drive to Soul Renovation in Irvine...hoping to see the big waves tonight. ! Renovation project at the Bill Clinton presidential center will receive $2.5 million of federal stimulus funds try to find a new ASAP...our old needs renovation already so we have to moved out... NU scores with Matthews renovation Do you want to see what renovation projects in Calabria South Italy look like before the work is done! Do you want to see what renovation projects in Calabria South Italy before the work is done! DJC| $20M renovation at Sandpoint creating children's dental clinic: A 73-year-old building at the former S.. Waiting for the electrician.....yesterday waited for the renovation guy.....next week more of same AREA: Tech's HPER building slated for $3 million expansion, renovation Houston to spend $3.3 million on BARC renovation - There's always seemed to be some of renovation going on at where I live. But not renovation in my though. Not renovation in my though. There's always seemed to be some of renovation going on at where I live. There's always seemed to be some of renovation going on @ where I live. Colorado - Where To Find Home Stage | Home Improvements & Repairs: There are many home staging services in .. Blog Award Honest Scrap Discover Interior Design: Not all of these blogs are about interior design For instance.. Library renovation nearly finished - Rocky Hill Post - Library renovation nearly finishedRocky Hill PostThe new HVA... What Home Improvement, Home Renovation And Home Restoration Grants Should I Apply For If I Live In Upstate Ny? Top Choice - What Home Improvement, Home Renovation And Home Restoration Grants Should I Apply For .. This Best Western has to learn what "renovation" means. And the maids need to learn how to clean! Atlanta's Jimmy Museum reopens after $10M renovation: The Jimmy Library and Museum reopened Thurs.. my lecturer just make a big woohaa out of the shaking caused by the renovation. she thought it was another How Long Does Home Renovation Take? Bathroom Renovation: Should You Change Your Bathroom Theme? Celebrating the renovation of our beautiful Sydney CBD offices with Spring Drinks at the Positive Psychology Institute! is in a damn farking foul mood - he's hungry and irritable. Walked to this fav. chicken rice place n only to find its understand renovation! Houston to spend $3.3 million on BARC renovation: The project will update or improve numerous areas of the exis.. I have $0 for home renovation! The renovation of opposite blk and some drilling noise r making me crazy, cant focus on doing computing math and web development. :( The renovation of opposite blk and some drilling noise r making me crazy, cant focus on doing computing math and web development. :( Shifting to blog as mainpage while the mainsite undergo renovation~ Sagging Beams and Sloping Floors I got enlightened at least 10 times today. Some fuggin changes going down. Like a life renovation. Progress is whatimabout. Be on tv & get free interior design advice - QueerUK - Gay ...: TV INTERIOR DESIGN SERIES WANTS TO H.. Wooden Bathtubs by STOLIS Make your Bathroom as relaxed Place in ...: Bathroom Best Interior Design Dining room.. HomeDec 09 @ KL Convention Centre - everything related to yr home - renovation, decorating, etc. 10am-8pm until 4th Oct. Free admission. City plans $3.3 million renovation for BARC New Post Atlanta's Jimmy Museum reopens after $10M renovation Conrad Bangkok residences undergoes THB46 million renovation - Hospitality News - etravelblackboarda Renovation project opens doors to city veterans I'm taking a break... then l'l be back renovating off and finishing the second renovation. City plans $3.3 million renovation for BARC - Houston Chronicle Aaaaaaaaaaa!!! Renovation thingy going crazyyyy!!
Gallup shows the President doing very well with Jewish voters, despite his low approval ratings in Israel. Terrain: Second time lucky?: Irish voters decide the future direction of the European UnionTHE fate of .. Irish voters decide fate of Tony Blair`s EU Presidency: Ireland went to the polls today in a crucial referendum.. I don't think we should have compulsory voting, I think it should be a choice, I just don't care about opinions of non-voters Candidates, ballot issues coming up Nov. 3; registration deadline ...: By Muskegon Chronicle staff Voters in ma.. Amazed that SA Premier Mike Rann has been beaten up, while NSW voters leave government leaders unbruised. I think most of the No voters are a good for the yes side!! ... 1 postal vote, makes 356 potential voters. Only 19 in so far. Kraft gives voters another chance to choose a name for its new spread. iSnack2.0 has officially vegefailed... Don't forget Kurilpa Bridge opening Sunday. Show the pollies cyclists are a significant & interested number of voters. Vatican issues late hour Lisbon Treaty warning to Irish voters Voting 2day in Ireland... @ Candidate speed dating a good match for young voters: The group Elevat.. Candidate speed dating a good match for young voters Photographing referendum voters this morning how many no voters did you scare? The biggest weakness in a democracy is the voter's knowledge base. Without knowledge voters tend to elect dangerous people. Second time lucky? - Irish voters decide the future direction of the European Union Kettle boiling for third cuppa, only 19 voters yet, 3 hours in. Ireland Votes Again on European Union Treaty: Irish voters cast ballots Friday in a referendum that will help d.. Irish Polls Open for EU Referendum: The future direction of the EU hangs in the balance, as Ireland's voters he.. Second time lucky? - Irish voters decide the future direction of the European Union Lisbon treaty at stake as Ireland votes: The future of the Lisbon treaty is at stake as Irish voters go to the .. Or unlucky? Second time lucky? - Irish voters decide the future direction of the European Union Andrew Duff British Liberal Democrat MEP trying to force Lisbon Treaty down the throats of Irish voters Vote NO to Lisbon Treaty News US. Women pivotal voters as NJ governor's race tightens - Philadelphia Inquirer: New York TimesWom.. This vote in a very different economy. 2nd time lucky? Irish voters decide future direction of EU: Irish voters decide fate of Tony Blair's EU Presidency TheEconomist Second time lucky? Irish voters decide future direction of European Union Candidate speed dating a good match for young voters Warren Bradley - "Keep politics clean and avoid filthy level of debate and that will get the voters out." Speakers summing up. Ben Wallace MP - "Need to tell voters that politics matters. Clear dividing lines at the next election." Second time lucky? - Irish voters decide the future direction of the European Union Second time lucky? - Irish voters decide the future direction of the European Union Ireland voting today for 2nd time on Lisbon treat. Many voters will perhaps vote no to get at the government, forgetting this is about EU. Maharashtra voters: voting for the original tiger (Bal Thackeray) or his impatient cub, Congress stooge (Raj) -- What is your choice? This is London: Irish voters decide fate of Tony Blair's EU Presidency 3 million eligible voters in the Republic of Ireland will vote today in the Lisbon Referendum EU President Blair awaiting voters of Ireland (h/t Postal voters mainly ex-servicemen, claims PAS: UPDATED 3:40PM PAS girdling for battle in Bagan Pinang armed wi.. Ireland Votes Again on European Union Treaty: Irish voters cast ballots Friday in a referendum that will help d.. i dont believe them anymore..puah! 60% wakil rakyat terpilih gak buat NPWP. Makes us-voters-look like idiots,yes? Out in the sticks. 2 polling booths here, in a 3 room national school, about 700 voters in total. Women pivotal voters as NJ governor's race tightens: About 400,000 of those voters - up to 15 percent of the ov.. Almost 55,000 Offaly voters to revisit Lisbon
What's the big deal? - A story that received major coverage this week was the elevation of one Kirsten Nematandani ... - Hey, I am praying for your knee RIGHT NOW! That looks serious. Did you get bit/stung by something? Have some things Uneed 2Overcome? - This was my message last Sunday please hah! wait, whoa.. thats a a first, "nerdy" I mean I could pass up for a dork, but nerdy? way too much elevation. lol. haha, wait, whoa.. thats a first. nerdy. i. see. :( oh my gahh. i could pass up for a dork, but nerdy? way to much elevation. lol were they nonsensical gibberish about elevation or other dumb words that have nothing to do with the song? BLAAAHADABADA .can anyone tell me the elevation of mount logan ?! going to elevation burger?? ehh ehh *pokes with elbow* right We're doing a trial membership at Trophy Fitness. They've got a few locations. Where's Elevation? Where are you working out together? Have you tried Elevation Fitness? When there is no sensation there is no elevation. So what kind of way are you feeling today? sounds like elevation and the ball you are playing? Wantwhole life Elevation?Then Embrace,Employ&Embodyur Spiritual disciplinesLetUr spiritual rituals turn2 'Rich-uals'4dasoul(via@theedcastro) Time to turn it up a knotch... Elevation in progress... Join me? Want whole life Elevation?Then Embrace,Employ&Embody your Spiritual disciplines.Let Ur spiritual rituals turn 2 'Rich-uals' for the soul Come on; play this game with us! RSVP Tropical Trivia Question Which state capital has the highest elevation? RE: UR . below-sea level elevation of NOLA?.... it has always been a threat. Swan songs for everyone: King Crimson cuts, 55 min of pure spirit elevation, can't stop to listen. You? Am applying RICE like a good first-aider. (Rest Ice Compression Elevation) Initialism or acronym? :) Does any one know the resolution of the elevation data used by the ESRI GPServer example ProfileService? Do you hike? Topo maps are isolines where the 3rd dimension is elevation. Any chance the Elevation staff can update the itunes podcasts to include video like is available on the website? was it better than Elevation, Dave & Buster style? I'm a U2 guitar geek. When Edge switched guitars, I predicted the song. Rickenbacker? Mysterious Ways! SG? Elevation! Telecaster? Pray tell, what is Elevation Sauce? Thousand Island? Can you believe I went hiking again on Saturday? Sloan Falls in the Gros Ventre range. Another one with lots of elevation gain. Love Jackson Do you folks have a course map online that shows elevation? Map at shows only route. Thanks! Me: "how long does it take water to boil here?" Ashley: "the same as it does everywhere unless your at a different elevation" Me: "EXACTLY" : old school knowledge but from today, some jazzy sounds -> Carlos Nino & Lil' Sci Are What's the Science? - "Elevation" in theory if we return to of ride the elevation can be ignored an we only compute for rolling and wind resistance??? is it normal to get the munchies 15hours after the elevation? You still gonna do a 10 patty burger? Elevation hits the blog tomorrow. that's true! What's your elevation where you are? I wonder what we got? We are about 6800' Just Googled "Elevation Church" in Charlotte. One of the sub headings in the listing was "cow tipping." COW TIPPING?! Need a mid-week lift? I'll be teaching a 'Kriya for Elevation' tonight at 7:30. 1161 Logan St. Echo Park 90026. ~ Stephen up here...to me means up here on the plateau higher elevation is up aint it? Happy Are you loving the elevation? Earn it, baby! have you guys been getting snow in CO yet? rumor has it we're supposed to get some in high elevation in VT tonight.... what? do you mean in the mountains? you are definitely at a higher elevation!!! yikes!!! maybe I'm glad I live in the NE ha ha i dont get it??? can some mornings just be easier? here's my run maybe its elevation impact? Scratch that, just found out we might see snow at Univ of Utah today due to the elevation. How far is Phoenix again? Cajun Man? Delegation without investigation is an abomination. Delegation with investigation will lead to a new elevation! garmin detail for tonight, GPS went all wonky though (1300 feet of elevation change?) Is dehydrated post elevation... Some cryptic sh*t eh?! Elevation Burger got a lot less pricey with their new(?) meal deals: $9 for cheeseburger/fries/shake incl. tax! Wow, does she have a high elevation escape place to go? I hope she gets to it fast. I bet they have an alarm sounding there "Do the Deer turn into Elk at 7000 feet elevation?" someone not from around here :-)
SAVE $791.52 - Hayward H150P Millivolt Single-Thermostat Propane Pool Heater, 150,000 BTU $1,377.51 don't forget about the propane one. Man everything was all good in my room.. Till me brother pooted in his sleep.. smell like he eat propane smh the propane i just spit probably just raised the gas prices Propane Fuel-Mother Nature's Savior From More Pollution: Do you see propane fuel station within your area? If s.. how about chainsaws doused in liquid propane and set ablaze? did I mention that I actually busted out the propane patio heater tonight?....lol "well I guess if they burn you at the stake they'll be using my propane" bwuahahahaha! a fucking for "Our motto at Strickland Propane is 'If you have a problem, tell us about it and we will fix it as soon as we can.'" Lead Business Systems Analyst - SAP FI / FSCM: Details: AmeriGas Propane is the nation's largest propane distri.. the downside to the gas one though, is having to get the propane bottle refilled...wonder how long 20lbs would last? Hmm stainless steel barbecue propane has a built-in ice cooler: stainless steel barbecue propane has a built-in ice.. : stainless steel barbecue propane has a built-in ice cooler: stainless steel barbecue propane.. In Outdoor Cooking Coleman High-Pressure Propane Hose and Adapter Propane bill coming up. Average about $100 month last year with gutted home and no insulation. this year will be much better. Green pay off watching keloland news, it sounds like we may have to buy more propane to heat the haunted house old school bbq. no propane tonight, lots of smoke though! stainless steel barbecue propane has a built-in ice cooler: stainless steel barbecue propane has a built-in ice.. ******************** Free Propane tank FULL ************************* Charcoal is a less efficient combustion than propane...you would be less green ;-) theres a propane emergency Nothing better than champagne and propane. Have a beautiful and safe Balloon Fiesta, everyone! Soft landings. Thanks! I'm going to RSS this bad boy too, I want to use my slow cooker more often. Need something for propane grills too. ******************** Free Propane tank FULL ************************* (fremont / union city / newark): Female c.. ******************** Free Propane tank FULL ************************* (fremont / union city / newark): Female c.. re: heat; I'm using the propane (note: need to plug some of the venturis; combustion bad); but I can't do gelatin on it. i'm editing my new video to fit 'Propane Nightmares' by Pendulum, if anyone Bites that tune off me before i release it...... i'll kill ya! If I grilling with charcoal instead of propane, would that make me a "green" griller? it might break the propane deal peggy would be burned with hanks propane lol propane truck I'm crawling N. Get ready to Exit. Stuck on I-71 N near Mansfield. Other Tweets have me to a propane tanker But will we need 2 exit? It can't be a good thing when your only source of cooking is your bbq grill and the propane is just about out when you dinner. Free 67lb Propane Tank (Warrenville, IL): email for address. first come first served. yow! I'm trying to hold out until November. liquid propane = $$$ sending you warm thoughts! Is there anything worse than trying to light the grill for steaks you've been looking forward to all day, then realizing ur out of propane?! Ooh fun, there's a pro-fascist, far-right march planned in Manchester on Oct 10th! - Setup the gas cans and propane like in L4D. That $76 average energy bill includes a wood stove, 4 computers, propane cook stove, heating & cooling the home, greenhouse & henhouse. Ready to do some tailgating? Check out to find the best in propane gas grilling options. Did you see I mentioned you guys on Don't Get Cheated! Refill Instead of Exchanging Propane Tanks IF YOU'RE HEADED TO CLEVELAND TONIGHT -- watch out! i-71 near Mansfield is a mess. Propane spill. We're following it. FOX28 News at 10 OHP Mansfield says I-71 will be shut down at US 30 for 5 hours after a liquid propane truck 610 WTVN's Craig Sinclair says I-71 is shut down at US 30 near Mansfield after a propane truck 610 WTVN's Craig Sinclair says I-71 is shut down at US 30 near Mansfield after a propane truck no matter how "cool" you think you are, do NOT try to grab nozzle while liquid propane is gushing out. 610 WTVN's Craig Sinclair says I-71 is shut down at US 30 near Mansfield after a propane truck Damn these lack of insulation in walking shield homes. Damn our propane tank. Damn Lakes Gas. Damn yooouuusssss!
I feel queasy just thinking about racing up this beast: well, i am no way better. Had diarrhea this morning, during like 7-8 am very queasy and stomach feel ve.. I feel queasy. I should have known the Sam Adams Summer Ale was on sale because IT'S NOT FUCKING SUMMER ANYMORE. I hate that stupid bar. well, i am no way better. Had diarrhea this morning, during like 7-8 am very queasy and stomach feel very bad...lucky now fine...T_T I cried so hard that I puked my guts out *is queasy* I feel pretty queasy today! As if the slightest thing could make me puke. Especially the bump coach ride into work! Sleepy, queasy, dizzy.... I need my bed I say go with blinding migrane thats making you queasy hah i have it on....dont be so queasy :p...i love these train wreck shit documentaries :D i have an empty queasy feeling at the bottom of my stomach when i think of it and i have been so easiy tired lately ... OK. I'm just straightening up the living room, then I'm off to the office. Haha. That sounded funny. Still feel queasy, BTW. just a little queasy, i should take it easy!! I better eat something before I go all spinning around, having stomachache & feels queasy. Gah. Tired. Queasy. Talking to the wife, she's a super keeper. Then going to bed and gonna have a busy day tomorrow. On a less queasy note, thnks to & for having the sharks gathering at theirs. And, welcome, to Ww/F! Blergh. Fuck you, Fast Pizza! You made my tummy queasy and now I don't feel good :'( I feel: Queasy. Letterman making jokes about pols having affairs, including a Mark Sanford dig. Kinda makes ya queasy./// RIGHT_QVC better. Letterman making jokes about pols having affairs, including a Mark Sanford dig. Kinda makes ya queasy. looking back on my mid-morning I begin to feel queasy... and almost flattered... but mostly queasy. Feeling a little queasy, I should take it easy. is feeling kind of queasy and is going to sleep before dinner returns :-p good night... Thinks she has gastric.her tummy feels so queasy:( Private practice is making my queasy. I hate the site of blood AND needles. Esp needles. GROSS! yea smh the description had me a lil queasy! uhhhh not good!!! I'm like I don't eat until like two or three hours after I wake up or I feel queasy. Having supper at BP??? Yikes! Make sure it's not the one that keeps making me sick! :( Your BP tweet made me feel queasy! watched a few, but then i got a little queasy, so i'm going to watch a few at a time teeehee but is funny! have u? Oh boy. prednisone makes me feel queasy..should make for an interesting 5 days He was really a bad driver. Hitting the brakes hard, almost hitting peds, gunning the gas. I literally got off queasy ever AM. Between GoogleWave and Ping! I'm so hyperconnected it's making me a little queasy... HALP! What do you eat when you've just exercised, feel a little queasy, aren't hungry, but know you need fuel? okay then..when will we arrive on mandalore?i feel queasy again.. I NEED A BUCKET AGAIN!! Quick! *covers mouth* Wierd day. Good breakfast, my car grazed by a car in Davie, some work knocked off, feel kinda queasy. Socials 11: canada at war q's due Friday; hope you're not queasy from trench foot I think I just drank that coffee a little too fast..... Feeling light headed and queasy..... Veggies and fish can't balance 2 cups... Feelin' queasy. alright..*cough* i really wish was here..not a kriffing protocol droid called nubs..ugh i feel soo queasy I'm off to teach children how to dance...on a queasy stomach, bleah blah now i feel all queasy again. LOL its the way they describe it as 'spreadable bacon' made me feel queasy! Very very queasy... Not sure why... Staying put... Film @ 11 Sore thumb, queasy tummy, tired eyes... I think I'm falling still queasy but no news until after the weekend. yeesh, come on already! little queasy after lunch! food was fine & baby was cute but who knew such things came out of something so small! WOW! has consumed too much caffeine today and is a little queasy as a result. Still moving pretty quickly tho! Bzzzzzzzzz. is so sick of macaroni and cheese, yet sometimes it is still the only option my queasy body gives me. Second trimester, On. Reading "Conquest: Sexual Violence and American Indian Genocide" by Andrea Smith. It is honestly making me queasy. Now I'm seeing him dressed up too. Queasy. I feel awful. I'm dizzy, dehydrated, vision blurred, hands shaking, stomach queasy. I know my blood sugar has plummeted! Quick food & water!
Between Jim DeMint, John Ensign, Tom Coburn, and Alan Grayson, the U.S. Congress has lately been outdoing any soap opera I've ever seen. eh. Studio. Bout to work on outdoing what hasn't been done. Thank you and thank you! You're outdoing yourself again! No problem Glenn! Keep rockin that awesome info! Thank you and thank you! You're outdoing yourself again! Anderson you really need to stop spamming my list. you're outdoing cspan and NYT You're only making 20K a year with an MLM that's to fizzle? I'm outdoing you after 2 months working an hour a day. Once again, my to-do list is outdoing me. oh wow! People are really outdoing themselves... babies are that way- always outdoing themselves VH1 is outdoing itself, lately they have been airing some pretty amazing and classic videos. Boulevard of broken dreams. What's next? thinking.. I am outdoing myself again. - T-Mac cropped me out from our most recent photo shoot, she think she outdoing me! Good lord! I think you are - dare I say it - outdoing You are outdoing my tweets with that darn camera. YOOO!! they are DOPE!! lol asian kids always outdoing us!! haha' practising card tricks, both of us, outdoing each other? Silly, yeah, I know If anyone feels like outdoing him, it's almost lunch time and I am a fan of carnitas Just sayin... The Ringera 'statement' expected has degenerated into a full-blown media circus, all camped outsyd Integrity outdoing e ... every Kenyan is outdoing each other speculating! The suspense, wacha tu! The Ringera 'statement' expected has degenerated into a full-blown media circus, all camped outsyd Integrity outdoing each other speculating I honestly dont see it ever outdoing 2 for me (its been at the top of my Pixar list since release). But please prove me wrong. Harvest 2009 is way early but fruit looks good. Our interns are all here now and putting in long hours. The 2 woman are outdoing the men! OMG love love the Charmony skit. Outdoing yourself yet again honestly, mills is really outdoing themselves with arrests this year. holy shit... yeah the collection is outdoing it self today :) it will probably be aqua and Vengaboys tommorrow "Outdoing 1 another in showing honor"-the church should b filled w those who celebrate Gods good work in each others lives. "Outdoing one another in showing honor"-the church should be filled with those who celebrate God's good work in each other's lives. Best Social Traffic Training on the Planet!: >> Amazing training and it keeps outdoing itself! MJ's this is it movie breaks record for pre sales for any movie ever. Outdoing even harry potter and lord of the rings now thats a legend. Outdoing Amazon, offers Pre for just $80.. alwayz outdoing me! Was not that hard to do. lol Andy LaRoche, thank you for outdoing your brother in Pittsburgh. Andy LaRoche, thank you for outdoing your brother in Pittsburgh. oh outdoing even himself now. I'll take both as compliments, if you don't mind. Outdoing myself is a personal goal. And thanks! It's our best year ever - we just keep outdoing ourselves. Bob needs some recognition for being with us from Year 1! fish aren't just fishermen tales, but they are outdoing them. R.I.P Beau Velasco, 1/2 of my sympathies go to family and friends. wow 2009... u r really outdoing yourself. script is gonna be like 65 pages long, will take 1000 pages to draw. I am outdoing the SHIT out of that movie adaptation. Crowded House wrote Four Seasons in One Day about Melbourne - we all say that about it, cos it has em. But this autumn is outdoing itself! F what u heard if I like it I might even wear it 3 days in a row. I'm still outdoing most of u anyway. Surpassed 90 hrs in 7days. My personal worst... even far outdoing datacenter duty during hurricanes Charley & Frances n 2004. Mad Men is outdoing itself tonight! Peggy and Duck?! Betty tells off Sterling! Priceless! curb was so good. Wow. LD is really outdoing himself here. Madmen, you keep outdoing yourself. You are the tits. when peeps talk crazy about Kanye outdoing Jay-Z on his own track, I refer them to that song ;) That had to be one of the best cliffhangers in recent televison series. just keeps on outdoing itself.
please don't dwell so much on it, it was an honest mistake, that happens when you're bored, lonely, and need a companion. :/ please don't dwell so much on it, it was an honest mistake, that's happens when you're bored, lonely, and need a companion. :/ Today's blog is An Explanation: I love to write about life here at Dwell & Cultivate. The only t.. Soft colours; hard material. --> A beautiful collection of gripping images of America's aging asylums k yeah, im sick. but id rather sleep than dwell on this weird/random feeling i have. iloveyou* night. i am at peace, divine peace and harmony surround me and dwell in me. i feel tolerance, compassion and love for all people, myself included You will dwell in booths for seven days; all natives of Israel shall dwell in booths. -Leviticus 23:42 Okay, enuf ridiculousness; time for bed. "I will both lie down in peace & sleep for You alone oh Lord make me dwell in safety." Today's blog is An Explanation: I love to write about life here at Dwell & Cultivate. The only t.. Maybe I should just lie on my bed and dwell in self misery. I'm home alone Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. Keep us in communion with all your saints, following their example of faith and life, until all your saints dwell together eternally. (p.24) no doubt make sure u dont dwell too much on it and have a good night sleep hanging out with crush and friends, enjoying life for a few minutes trying not to dwell on the fact that I am 4O and still get crushes I've got no place in my for a criminal like you to dwell. I will lie down and sleep in peace for you alone O Lord make me dwell in safety'...Psalm 4:8 Tonight before you rest your head,reflect on your mistakes,dwell in your victories.................. Better Today by the song that always cheers me up. "Life's too to dwell on all that's wrong." I dont dwell on success. Maybe thats one reason Im successful. Randy san nicolas joined us as a marketer. "N LYFS 2 2 DWELL ON ALL THATS WRNG STAND UP NOW N I PROMISE U NOT B4 LNG U'LL B FEELIN BTR 2DAY" Friend told me write down everything negative in your life. then burn the pgs. hard to dwell on something after its released Friend told me write down everything negative in your life. then burn the pgs. hard to dwell on something after its released "I dwell in possibility." ~ Emily Dickinson THANK YOU! the world will end but no one knows when. No need to dwell and be scared of it. Jeeze great work tonight at the Hold It Contemporary Home / Dwell Magazine the event was awesome, thank you to all that attended! ...I'm not really sure as to what to think of it. Any of it. Any of everything. And I guess there's no use to dwell upon any of it either. Yeah, I understand. D; But just try not to dwell on it so much, and be happy. Hopefully tomorrow is better, eh? Why do I dwell on things I can't change? Surely goodness and love will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Psalm23:6 ThankUGod!!!! Krystal...hang in there. Everything will be ok. Life is too to dwell on stupid things especially men. ... Negative feelings are nocturnal animals. They only dwell in the darkest of places.. FWD: "Forget the former things; do not dwell on the past." Isiah 43:18 no time to dwell Ny, just DO! Though the terror of the sea gives to none security, in the secret of the shell. Self preserving we may dwell. Here's to more pleasant topics to dwell on than broken marriages, sex scandles, and greed. Our QOTD was "It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live." ~Albus Dumbledore ? Psalm 23:6b "...and I will dwell in the house of the LORD forever." Though the terror of the sea gives to none security, in the secret of the shell. Self preserving we may dwell. Shhh switched over to the winter bedding by DWELL love their designs. Bonne Nuit. "Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." -Budd ... The trick is to learn from, but not dwell on, the past . . . and to plan for, but not live for, the future. Each moment is all we truly have Goodnight all - "I will both lay me down in peace, and sleep: for thou, Lord, only maketh me dwell in safety." Ps 4:8 It's always BEST to keep ourselves POSITIVE & not dwell on negativity brought about by different elements =) I rather laugh then dwell on shit that don't really matter at the end of the day...... Sending out positive thought this Sukkot, may everyone dwell well in thier Sukkah and have many guests. "There is a thought in your mind right now. The longer you hold on to it, the more you dwell upon it, the more life you give to that though "Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." ... That purple issue of is amaaaazing.
NOooooo....you have to stay awake until I am finished yakking... yakking duck...ARGH. a messy princess= hell Don't know what i did but my right triceps is still yakking at me Exactly... except for the phone Ok, ok... No yakking... Just texting!!!!!! Hahahahahaha!!! Rinaldo and Neuber yakking it up. well, it appears I was right, nobody sees my messages, so, guess I'll just yakking. Obama: "Talk is no substitute for action." Hmm. Then what's he been doing all that yakking for? Come off it, O. Act like you're president. c'mon, if the guy at the next table is yakety yakking into a bluetooth headset, can it really be called 'assault?' were chatter boxes. I've had fun yakking it up at work and other days hid by the coffee machine. Sorry you're feeling that but Todays Psych as a Profession guest speaker is just yakking on about bison and buffalo...no pun intended...hee hee...yakking...I got jokes... Dear Dentist: I make my appt. @ 8am to get in & out. Why do I wait 15 min. b4 going back? I CAN HEAR your staff yakking about last night TV! A big Yak & Yeti meal for lunch, followed by a sprint to the bus. Now yakking up the big Yak & Yeti lunch.... Fml. Sometimes i wished i could tell her that she's not the only one going thru shit in her life, so she can finally stop yakking at me. ... slowing down in crosswalk, see it all the time they're so busy yakking away on their cell that they'll never know what hit them How sad is it that I see everyone & their cousins yakking about Google Wave, and I have no clue WTF it is? I put it to you, Internet: What's more annoying...people yakking loudly on their cell, or people clikkity-clackety typing on their berry? 200th tweet huh? che never thought I;d still be using this silly thing thats for sure but meh oh well its good for yakking with some people the commonroom is really eerie at 5 in the morning :( especially when the printer yakking. my morning can't of like this everyday! stop yakking away. even the gadget is angry with you. GOOD NEWS---Drivers yakking or texting may see new limits I sure hope it will include yakking on the PH and not just texting! How selfish 2 put your calls B4 ppl's safety! love the reaction of the crowd just yakking amongst themselves. We wouldn't want you yakking & ruining some kid's Disney experience./Unless they're *****. New rule: If you send a text to someone you NEVER call or text, ANNOUNCE YOURSELF. Say "Hey, this is..." before you get to yakking. Alright? They yakking on "state of the (NY)Times" on CNBC. it's strange watching hockey without bill clement and gary thorn yakking away Drivers yakking or texting may see new limits - Life- Attention Envirowackos: hot air = CO2, quit yakking and save a tree. How's that for cap and trade. Could it be that "the poor" were too busy watching big-screen TV or yakking on their 3G cellphones to field the poll? DRIVERS yakking or texting may see new limits - Drivers yakking or texting may see new limits Drivers yakking or texting may see new limits yakking to the bestie in london. Cell use in cars on hot seat: With more drivers yakking on their cell phones or texting from behind the wheel, .. lmao I agree on that one! If it wasn't the turkey putting me to sleep it was my aunt yakking away and worse still half of the stations' djs just keep yakking away abt ris low and criticising her. Drivers yakking or texting may see new limits - Life- Drivers yakking or texting may see new limits Drivers yakking or texting may see new limits - I missed that of the Constitution that made it the Fed's business. Preventing drivers' texting mapped out - The Sun News: WASHINGTON -- With more drivers yakking on their cell ph.. Drivers yakking or texting may see new limits Preventing drivers' texting mapped out: With more drivers yakking on their cell phones or texting from behind t.. This is why i hate her, Most annoying woman in the world. Never shuts up, Always yakking about shit i dont care about. Ruins everything. Drivers yakking or texting may see new sleepy......more yakking and useless idea from everyone :) FAB! Drivers yakking or texting may see new limits Pizza. Movie. And pip ruining it all by yakking it up on the phone. Sometimes feel like I'm in a foreign country when computer tweeps yakking re coding. Class is great, singing for credit! :)
been there many times :) exhibited at the VCF when it was still there. Looks like I forgot to add diseases and such on the new dinosaur pages. This is now working! :) Brand new dinosaur pages at :) BA event is over. Glad we won the 1st prize! 2H1 exhibited "themed restaurants" and we used "restaurant city" as the name of our booth :) BA event is over. Glad we won the 1st prize! We exhibited "themed restaurants" and we used "restaurant city" as the name of our booth :)
No. Take a snake oil salesman, for example. the oil is the fraud. But the flimflam man is inextricable w/ the trick. Hello. Another way to talk. I gather we'll soon all be inextricable online with Google Wave. Less, I say, less. Paleontologists who name a new species "L. inextricabilis" because of the "inextricable" relationship it demonstrates are just too arrogant Forgotten Dreams 13 - Love- In Love's fabric, the inextricable weaving. Of moods of both human joy and melancholy. ... Well, sadly, everything he did is now inextricable from the fact that he was an apologist for albeit unwittingly. Noting use of language of battle in politics as election gets nearer: are politics and stereotypical masculinity still inextricable? 11 years and Google seems inextricable from my daily life, routine, etc. Doesn't take very long for dependence to form!
9 femcees 1 singer="Sugacoated"! download the track for .99cents @ proceeds go to charity. 9 femcees 1 singer = "Sugacoated"! download the track for .99cents @ ALL proceeds go to charity. pls nice to tweet u too :) we'll be lookin out and lookin forward to your email An excellent post from on some SEO misnomers | 'Common Sense' might be one of the biggest misnomers of all. Gotta say it again. :) TEAM nuff said. Gotta say it again. :) TEAM nuff said. TEAM nuff said. Beware of pearl misnomers: R McFadden's NYT Safire obit did the wordsmith proud - "gaffes, inexactitudes, neologisms, misnomers" - fun read NYT on Saffire: a Pickwickian quibbler who...pounced on gaffes, inexactitudes, neologisms, misnomers, solecisms & perversely peccant puns. Alas- Bill Safire, "Pickwickian quibbler who gleefully pounced on gaffes, inexactitudes, neologisms, misnomers, solecisms" has passed away. I favorited a YouTube video -- 12 step misnomers RIP "...a Pickwickian quibbler who gleefully pounced on gaffes, inexactitudes, neologisms, misnomers, solecisms and perversely peccant puns" Safire: "a Pickwickian quibbler who gleefully pounced on gaffes, inexactitudes, neologisms, misnomers, solecisms & perversely peccant puns" "a Pickwickian quibbler who gleefully pounced on gaffes, inexactitudes, neologisms, misnomers, solecisms & perversely peccant puns" - NYT "a Pickwickian quibbler who gleefully pounced on gaffes, inexactitudes, neologisms, misnomers, solecisms & perversely peccant puns"-NYT Monday makes many misnomers massive. A Pickwickian quibbler who gleefully pounced on gaffes, inexactitudes, neologisms, misnomers, solecisms and perversely peccant puns. RIP Safire: Pickwickian quibbler - gleefully pounced on gaffes, inexactitudes, neologisms, misnomers, solecisms, perversely peccant puns "Safire:A Pickwickian quibbler who gleefully pounced on gaffes, inexactitudes, neologisms, misnomers, solecisms and perversely peccant puns" An obit fitting of Safire. Calls him "a Pickwickian quibbler who gleefully pounced on gaffes, inexactitudes, neologisms, misnomers..." (1/2) safire"a Pickwickian quibbler who gleefully pounced on gaffes, inexactitudes, neologisms, misnomers, solecisms and perversely peccant puns," "Private" sector and "public" sector are misnomers. They give a false impression of what we're talking about. Full Coverage Inexpensive Car Insurance Misnomers - If this is the Batting Power Play, then what was that for the last 30 overs. Misnomers. because says so because says so Paradoxes and Misnomers -
Unlucky day ~ Got scalded by ba chor mee auntie, stepped by a plump auntie & thigh ganna scratched during work. Wats up next? Arghhh hmm wahts exactly on my mind - shlong is a funny word, i miss my rock, aowww my butt looks higly plump, uhm why my booby itches? nd uh waxxx thinks that he has found another use for politicians in preparation for Pepeng: as sand bags. Plump, disposable, and readily available. thinks that he has found another use for politicians in preparation for Pepeng: Use them as sand bags. Plump, disposable, and readily av ... How to grow plump juicy tasty tomatoes at home NENE, Kim got some collagen in her lips, look at em...they were not that plump before tonight! OMG I'd plump for "Smooth", because it's the only one without "Vege" or "Mate" or "Cheesy" in the title. Yet he holds that fork with such delicacy while eating that 7 lb burrito with his plump pasty hand. AVON Ultra Color Rich Extra Plump Lipstick. Lips looks instantly plumper and feel tingly all over. Plump17: great singerz. Jus had looked awesome &made awesome vid's! I like plump peeps.So are U one?BlessUnityx Plump15: off by sayin,Madonna & J-Lo,used 2be plump.But its like this,they both believe in le Church of Self Ego promotion... Doing my chores: Living Room: Plump cushions Plump13:Would like2say that i've alwayz been Plump.But this hasn't alwayz been le case.Alot has happened on my journey.I've got Nuff... Plump12: Plump people will alwayz be watched.Peeps will try 2copy or shadow us.But i'm a One-off.I dont follow what society dictates. Giordanos deep dish... So dank! No wonder chicagoans are so plump. Plump10: Why not go check yourself out on le plump-o-meter.See how many peeps are naturally attracted 2u? Students need not apply. some one stoopud who hates patrick. and me.ill tell you whoever thought of the name fatrick plump needs to die. Plump9: No being plump is more about a type of attitude.Le Stereophonics are great band.But they're plump like,King's of Leon. Slightly plump man in the office is telling the morbidly obese man about his attempts to slim down// thats funny Plump8: Are u plump? &i dont mean,"Does my Bum look big in this?"Coz plump has got nothin2do with that.Its not about shape or size. Plump6: Girls Aloud &Sugar Babes try2hard. But,Destiny's Child were alwayz 3D amazingly gorge salivatingly plump! Plump5: Plump peeps have got some meat on le bone.They got more character than most.They alwayz surprise U with different flava's!... Plump4: more like.These are Starz who've alwayz got it goin on.Without ever tryin.Thats why Shakira "She Wolf" vid is gr8. Coz Its plump!... CERAMIC ROOSTER CANDLE A plump white rooster proudly ruffles his multicolored plumage as he crows his welcome to the... That's what pregnancy does!! Lisa girlies are really plump tonite? Whats going on with her? let me call her lol Plump3: Kate Moss mos def been a Style Icon but as,&never will be plump!Plump has got nothin2do with being large or overweight.Its... Plump1: Madonna & J-Lo,both used 2plump.But le reality of le situ is,really their best work is behind them.Britney got plump again... Lisa girlies are really plump tonite? Whats going on with her? let me call her lol The Plump DJs edit of Phuture's 'Acid Trax' is absolutely banging. Just sayin'. even wen i try to it aint workin!! maybe i needa have a few kids to plump me up! LOL its ridiculous how round he is. just so plump. like a perfect sphere. Jazze Pha look so pleasantly plump. I say this as if he hasn't for the longest. He just looked extra plump though. how much plumper do u need its plump enuff I can sleep on them like a regular pillow n b k.o in 5mins.again she nuts Want to read Soulless but left in car. Tis cold but I must brave elements.I plan to shower, plump pillows and read. indeed, plump & lovely as that satisfied lady spider in my doorway she intimates me ... lol<I can handle all dat, I just look like this! Haha they make porn for people who are pleasantly plump like me! Plump Brazilian Ass: This clip from Big Wet Brazilian Asses 5 by Elegant Angel Productions features a hot, plum.. Plump with Nvey....Nvey Eco: she wears butt pads(padding to make her booty look more PLUMP) !!!! Na na! his ass is a little bit to plump hmm I'm kinda curious at how it got like that CERAMIC ROOSTER CANDLE A plump white rooster proudly ruffles his multicolored plumage as he crows his welcome to the... (c wat i did thar?)] Stanton Warriors - Precinct (Plump DJs Remix) - Holy shit. lol haha sorry ka plump i droppedd that hoe in da toilet and had to get anotha
Hey everybody, musician is thinking of doing another Turkish/Arabic reinterpretation of a Mexican song. Any suggestions? omg. introducing the new baby via a dramatic reinterpretation of the lion king. e well it's tipping a bit towards being a copy rather than a reinterpretation but I'm happy that the code is done from scratch Koolhaas's Voluntary is a mere reinterpretation of the Forbidden City You say facts, Palin says context-dependent events open to reinterpretation (or would if she understood 1/2 those words). This Neighbours/Devandra remix (more a reinterpretation really) of Phoenix's ROME is superb: The term hindsight is wonderfully open to reinterpretation and missuse. "Sunday Bloody Sunday" dedicated to Iran protesters Green-colored lights and video graphics make the reinterpretation of the song clear. Fundamental progress has to do with the reinterpretation of basic ideas. -Alfred Whitehead (via Fundamental progress has to do with the reinterpretation of basic ideas. -Alfred Whitehead Maritime - Proposed Reinterpretation of Jones Act also, at orientation, a corporatized circle-stomp reinterpretation of "we will rock you." new Alice In Chains sounds like a modern reinterpretation of Facelift, with some of Jerry's solo material too. i'm enjoying it. whew. Tasty fall cocktails, with pears, blueberries basil, cranberries, even a knockout reinterpretation of a Manhattan, here: AMC ANNOUNCES "THE PRISONER" MINI-SERIES PREMIERE SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15 AT 8PM ET/PT: A reinterpretation of the 1.. My future book, The Quiet Leader, is a "radical reinterpretation of leadership" ... learn more :) Best bluegrass cover/reinterpretation of other song?: I'm digging "Strummin' with the Devil", which is bluegras.. go vote for my friend's video! please vote on our reinterpretation on Jeanne Dielman: I prefer the original Enjoy Your Rabbit, but the reinterpretation is an interesting exercise esp if you're into string : she came thru the GMail window... (reinterpretation contemporaine et moderniste) A modern reinterpretation of the Dolce & Gabbana woman while remaining rooted in timeless elegance of earlier decades my strength is permanant creativity. i have done lots of work with the reinterpretation of everyday items. my strength is permenant creativity. i have done lots of work with the reinterpretation of everyday items. Alejandra Ribera's reinterpretation of "I Want You (She's So Heavy)" was the most intense six minutes of music I've heard in a long while. Children Of The Bad Reinterpretation He was so kind until I drove him wild.... I make them Good Boys Go Bad bad bad bad -- a reinterpretation of a Cobra Starship song. Hehe:-) Oooh, Sailor Moon! I was going to be Sailor Mars for Halloween, but I chose to just be crazy, colorful reinterpretation of Monroe now I'm afraid I your feelings. I was just overly proud of my H8er reinterpretation. I'm sorry! Throw your hands up for the next three tweets it's about the lovers (you know it, you know it) -- A REINTERPRETATION OF A NEW WHITNEY SONG Check out this great reinterpretation of musical chairs from LittleBayClay: a nice design tutorial on AN's recent reinterpretation of H&G. a nice design tutorial on AN's recent reinterpretation of H&G.
Mole, no chance on a friday I'm afraid, and I don't fancy sitting in ER for a few hours for a mole. Somehow managed to half rip a mole off my rib area. Tempted to rip it off entirely, as it's too far gone to reattach itself. Will try string hey i just finish watching Late night and just a heads up, i hope you get that mole check out on your hand. Not winning at word mole and our cabbie is SMOKING!?! Barcelona is beautiful and hot! I am still amazed at how easily people find my number. The one I answer... Incredible, I must have a mole in my organisation. Gutted. One of my fave got mole sauce on it last night and I can't seem to shift it in the wash :( Scoop! 10 questions for Emma Vieceli now up on Comic Mole :D 8D! I watching matsujun's LOL! His mole is so cute there XD /pokes screen/ Mole, Whac-a-Mole on its way to Top100 on iTunes. I am happy! :: Congrats to Whack-A-Mole its a fantastic game !! Whac-a-Mole on its way to Top100 on iTunes. I am happy! :: Congrats to Whack-A-Mole its a fantastic game !! Working on Company Mole today. GI Joe Rise of Cobra Movie Mole Pod With Terra-Viper Toy Review There are times when you just have to keep whacking that mole no matter how many tokens you've wasted on invisible ink. All you need is harem pants, titties, face powder, a mole, a fierce walk, a fresh swing beat, and a glass of wine. I tell you, i don't understand a thing about The Mole. Can go fail chem first. Scoop! 10 questions for Emma Vieceli now up on Comic Mole :D yes! you got it right. cept my mole is like.. right next to my eyebrow cept underneath. i miss you. Watching the premiere of "The Informant!" -- the Matt Damon movie about a high-level FBI mole at a large multin.. Is it sad that I'm actually really excited for National Mole Day in chem?! Hahah hope she's gonna be ok! It probly is just mole and there's nothing to worry about. Mole-nique smells like fruit loops. Interesting, ain't it? i should be sleeping but i cant i want to eat my Mole that abby brought me, flight at 9:30 am leaving my place at 7:30 =] Whac-a-Mole on its way to Top100 on iTunes. I am happy! ALSO, I was looking in the mirror and decided that I ALMOST have a sexy darcy mole. Do you know what a sexy darcy mole is? Mole, & Skin Tag Free In 3 Days... iono bout that mole that is in a new spot er day annoyed and amazed at what my virus checkers picks up. it's like whack a mole only with a .45 naked mole rat :) slap urself! lol no he dont sound like that naked mole rat Pointless trivia about me: I have a 3rd nipple. It's right underneath my right boob, it's tiny and kinda just looks like a mole. MARIO STOP DYING! AND YOU FUCKING MOLE GET OUT YOUR TANK AND STOP BEING A BITCH AND LET ME THROW A BOMB AT YOU! dat fuckin mole with the hair on her chin gotta go. FRC Calls on Kevin Jennings to Resign: FRC's Perkins says, "You do not need special training to know child mole.. Mountains out of mole hills... sometimes mountains out of thin air... There's a place in Tasmania called Mole Creek - made me laugh! Nah the DEVIL is a liar. Some corny supervisers want to act like I'm not doin my job. But the mole in my class is their friend TMI, while pregnant, the mole in between my boobs relocates to my right boob. fascinating. my doctor told me i have to take photos of my mole on my back. i have to do it every 3 months and put a 5cents next to it lol "Coming up... How to tell if your pet is a CIA Mole! Right after this..." Fuck you mole... Na one love I think my present to myself will be to cook up a big pot of mole. Or a cake. Something with chocolate. she got a huge mole on her nose! Looks like the wicked witch of the East! Oh, sweet mole. Glad to enjoy some delicious food with and whats up w/ that Enrique Iglesias mole??? Here he is... You as a chinese chin named Hemmy. See the mole?! He musta seen "The Mole People of Sin City" on Inside Edition tonight. WHAC-A-MOLE ELECTRONIC GAME BY HASBRO - More at
Kiva Fellow, Humanitarian, Philanthropy Matchmaker, Sloane Berrent, Kiva Fellow, Humanitarian, Philanthropy Matchmaker, Sloane Berrent, Humanitarian diary: Samoa: International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) - Switzerla Indonesia UN Humanitarian Chief Says 1,100 Dead Being a humanitarian, animal rights activists, human rights activists, it's all the same. Pakistan: Situation No. 19 Check this video out -- Yemen: A humanitarian crisis is unfolding The US government has no credibility. Chomsky already debunked humanitarian interventionism. It's about hegemony. And oil. Also very depressed about the birdies. Have been desensitised to the ongoing humanitarian horror of house prices by the meeja Humanitarian Aid!! Your Help Is Needed Immediately!! Please Check Out ---->> (Feature) "Humanitarian diary: Tears and generosity in Samoa" Chicago Bears great Gale Sayers receives Humanitarian of the Year ... - Fox 59 >> The United Nations humanitarian chief, John Holmes, says at least 1,100 people were killed following the The United Nations humanitarian chief, John Holmes, says at least 1,100 people were killed following the (Feature) "Humanitarian diary: Tears and generosity in Samoa" Humanitarian diary: Samoa - - Reuters Net No credit check, no income verification, no monetary repayment on funding for homes, projects, debt, humanitarian projects. proplady@gma ... Humanitarian diary: Samoa: International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies .. Indonesian quake toll at 1,100; more missing : The U.N.'s humanitarian chief says the powerful that.. Warped Tour founder Kevin Lyman will be named the 2009 Humanitarian Award honoree at the Billboard Touring Awards in New York on Nov. 5. Please follow this talented young actor, and humanitarian is making MOVES!!! .@google is feeling a little less geeky, and a little more humanitarian with it's logo today. I am a teacher of English. I love Nature and offer myself for any drive that promotes humanitarian attitudes. I like to pursue posotivity. 6 members of the West Mids Fire Service ISAR Team have deployed to the Indonesian to assist with the humanitarian relief uofi professional goals essay: Being born in Congo, Africa, I witnessed the many worst ongoing humanitarian cri.. Grammy Award-Winning Musician and Humanitarian Wyclef Jean ... Grammy Award-Winning Musician and Humanitarian Wyclef Jean With The Timberland Company (source: prnews.. a humanitarian u say? i like the title and the way u think. Dec. 19 meanin im a sagittarius aka the best zodiac sign Walter Tariq Anderson visionary, humanitarian, and business executive. The best thing since lemon pie! Same here too. Very disappointing. Khutbah using Padang in guilt-trip way (maksiah & malapetaka), not humanitarian view :( USAID/DCHA Pakistan Humanitarian Assistance Fact Sheet (FY 2009) - ReliefWeb (press release) IVCE's first humanitarian to help the residents in central Vietnam from Ketsana storm Grammy Award-Winning Musician and Humanitarian Wyclef Jean ... - MSN Money: STRATHAM, N.H., Oct. 2 /PR.. Young entrepreneur, DAMG LLC recording humanitarian, actor, model and songwriter Prince Cellow Al-Ghufran now conservative: khutbah using Padang in guilt-trip way (maksiah & malapetaka), not humanitarian view :( Grammy Award-Winning Musician and Humanitarian Wyclef Jean With The Timberland Company: STRATHAM, N.H... USA launches appeal for American Samoa & Indonesia please Grammy Award-Winning Musician and Humanitarian Wyclef Jean With The Timberland Company Grammy Award-Winning Musician and Humanitarian Wyclef Jean ... - Collaboration Promotes th.. Grammy Award-Winning Musician and Humanitarian Wyclef Jean With The Timberland Company: STRATHAM, N.H...
Woman in the Zoot Suit reviewed by Women's Review of Books Thanks. I love your blog design (and the content, of course!) Building another custom user guide for Umbraco content editor training in Buxton next week RESOURCE: The Content Marketing Playbook: 42 Ways to Connect with Customers (via subsection has in its format (and the being the odd-one out. And several "glossy" editorial content pages When studio logos are made to fit with the film. (site is in French, but content is good.) digital publisher asked me: why are newspaper sites so keen on paywalls for content when they're giving away their Thinking the JISCPress work to date reviewed in is f*****g awesome:-) A bit more content and we can play like crazy... In Car MP4 player - And lastly we often serve our own editorial content such as reviews and video.. In Car MP4 player - And lastly we often serve our own editorial content such as reviews and video.. Adps2 & ZipPoster Are 2 Powerful Wp Plugins That Will Automatically Drip Feed Content off ;o) You see Authors submit whatever content to the Editors, who play around with it and then publish it on the site... can't get TFF up - page loads, I see content then it gets replaced with the loading elements (safari & ff)? Bringing you content-free content since 1976. Playing here tonight....Pass New blog post: Web Content Filtering - Information Age Cat and Mouse ScrollMotion, creator of the Iceberg Reader, is a content technology company based in downtown New York City. The power of content maybe.. there's a cool content about 'why I need iPhone so much' or something and u can actually win one! FT chief: paid content is only way to safeguard journalism: John Ridding says newspaper websites need to abando.. The man in charge of Guitar Hero's downloadable content needs to be fired. Not only is the selection of songs limited, but they all SUCK! And how does that matter? Scrubs who can't do T10 content shouldn't get T10 loot from T7 content of all fucking places. content is NOT content is NOT content is NOT content is NOT Ummmm, so since when have Facebook been using Captcha techniques before it allows you to add content to your own profile? Sorry for delay - not sure that the content is relevant for me right now but may come for networking I use Unique Wizard to get unique on target content for my website and also to publish my for links ... Spending today at home out next week's content and getting ready to fly to America tomorrow to see a game. Flat is a mess. May tidy. thats the problem with actually having content on your front page! There but for the groce of gad go I. The Intergeo Project makes digital content for mathematics teaching accessible, usable and via challenge to managing offensive content online - limits for developers and content managers 70% of digital publishers will charge for content about 100% of consumers won't pay confused. Same morning confirms that 70% of online papers charging for content, paper paper goes free! What is world coming to? They do need to evolve, but distribution/metadata/rights still key for proper content distribution - IP capabilities questionable Seems to me like Google's Sidewiki is very definitely a step too far: having captured the clickstreams Google are now hijacking your content Ironic timing? decides to charge for online news content while actual paper newspapers go free! Wow, reading John Ridding on why paid content is the future just seen the Evening Standard is becoming a free sheet A more constructive approach would be to set up a EU Home company to make content (agreed :) (!) Can't read content Evening Standard to go free from 12 Oct... move? Or lack of confidence in the quality of content? About 70% of digital publishers in the newspaper, magazine and TV industries will charge for content online Lobby the BBC to remove content protection on data we as tax payers have already paid for :) Work & Travel USA 2010 newsletter Content from the Austin GDC can be perused, purchased, and pondered here: Some very good stuff in there.
Just bought a prism finder for my Hasselblad and 20 rolls of 120 film. I'm leaving digital photography to the goons RSS now includes DC & PRISM. Pl use those elements to extract journal title, ISSN, authors etc. forum Is it ever running just 1 fire prism?: I mean does combined beams help that much? I really need the points if you're still looking you can videos to any format, ipod included, w/ Prism Video Chicago jobs Business Analyst for Prism Retail Services (Itasca, IL) Cypress Controllers Deployed by WAC Lighting|The PrISM modulation technology also reduces low-frequency flicker .. -- Prism Tweet @ Prism968 - - Prism Tweet. Latest: YYJ Tix 4 Oct. 28 "HALO"ween Biz Bash @ EARLS VIC! tix 39.00 litman photography/prism imaging Latest: YYJ Tickets have launched for Oct. 28 "HALO"ween Biz Bash @ EARLS VIC! tix 39.00 litman photography/prism imaging I got two iPhone games for u to try. I love both of them. Mr. AahH and PRISM. Check out their free versions. A few cool things to point your Blackberry at when you get to Raleigh... The Light Time Tower, w/ it's great prism effect... Watched The l Word instead of going to Prism. Think I made a good decision. Next VDNUG meeting on the 13th of Oct. on Prism and on VS2010. More details to follow... Next VDNUG meeting on the 13th of Oct. on Prism and on VS2010. More details to follow... Prism from Mozilla creates applications from web pages saw your sarbanes oxley compliance for CCM, ops, & admin. How many event driven items ? Man. If polvo tours here. I am going to be jumping around like a schoolgirl. In Prism is becoming one of my favorite records ever. try using prism or fluid on mac to appify. ^MH Wow. What a bloody strange prism that woman views the world through. I'm watching via the prism of twitter. YEAA THIS STARKEY GEEZER IS A TWAT October 28th is the next Does anyone have some Developer Focus Content they would like to present? "If any guys touch us, I'll karate chop them." - Prism. <3 xD Prism Sound and SADiE Play Vital Role In Remastering The Beatles ... WOW! Social Media prism/graph/map/poster Prism Sound and SADiE Play Vital Role In Remastering The Beatles ...: Given that many of the Beatles earlier re.. Prism Sound and SADiE Play Vital Role In Remastering The Beatles ...: Given that many of the Beatles earlier re.. Definitely a high point, in an album chock full of 'em. (Polvo's In Prism, that is) Omg. Lucia! Prism Sound and SADiE Play Vital Role In Remastering The Beatles ... poetry analysis, nick drake session, ramadan dinner, prism's coming-out monologues, african literature, gooood niiiight On page 100 of 224 of Prism by Faye Kellerman. Unguessable! I hate when things are too predictable, but I feel a little tha... This is not a game at all. I take issue with your view of humanity through the prism of race. I just disagree. News: Prism Sound and SADiE Play Vital Role In Remastering The Beatles ... - Broadcast Newsroom: Prism Sou.. Warp prism mesh is half done, I'm tired of using Unity in Prism, 'bout ready to drop in StructureMap. Too bad the examples section on StructureMap website is incomplete Oldies 60t video/txt Prism Sound and SADiE Play Vital Role In Remastering The Beatles ... -.. Prism Sound and SADiE Play Vital Role In Remastering The Beatles ... Not much, likely. It depends on how well the Prism sells. It needs to take a trip to Apple to be fixed for a few minor issues.
Ey bay bay< 'ello lav, hws u today? bayc hech lav ches tweetum es verjers !!! :)) Haha! My crazy babe I lav ya sooo much! But now I miss you =[ hehehehehe well ive done more revealing m costumes..got sick in 2003 from my LAV outfit- too chilly! :p You have to see my new dress! With my Steve Madden shoes, u'll lav it! Don't worry, after I'vre rocked it u can borrow, haha you mean the LAV look? idk if im keen on early 80s m this year..ive done it several times =/. im too picky for my own good LOL - u told me you lav me is the best :) I have a cheap-ass lav mic that works well: ... Lav, im invited right? :D women lav a nigga in a kanzu. m nt in one 2day bt I cn still the lav. yes, definitely *ignoring lav* delighted to well, when lav wants to marry me is when we'll get married. wanna be onna my groomsmen? New low-income homes for Holt: The new homes, valued at approximately $200000 each, will be three-, four-, and .. so still keeping your hopes up? :) esok pakai warna apa kau lav? Anyone know of a decent quality, decently priced lav mic for a friend who is running a podcast? Thanks. Even just having a blu mike in the middle of the room would be better than nothing. I don't really know a good cheap lav mic. AHH! GET WELL SOON I LAV YOU! D: DRINK TONS AND TONS OF TEA! D: - is workin' that shutter prioritytytyyyyyy like a pro ;) lav it, lav her. AFL-CIO, Delta at Odds Over Unionization Rule - Wall Street Journal: A high-stakes labor battle is looming at t.. Filming a documentary, anyone have lav mics we can borrow? if this is you, i don't have the pics carol took, and ya know what may help daryl out? turning on his lav. just a thought :) lmao lav lav we'll see about that when the AP exam for calculus comes around (: ..."Remember when the old one leapt from your bag into the lav?", I cry, "and how long it took to find a replacement you could use!" listening to a valentine cover well kinda cuz its sung by and shiny but in the cover it features hehe lav them haha Your song Body Language ROCKS!! Lav u;) listening to a valentine cover well kinda cuz its sung by and shiny but in the cover it features hehe lav them haha Lav's filling nicely. Random melts so far : some bloke trying to sell me a website and some chick insisting on Galway Girl (unsuccessfully) Hurry up lav!!!! LOL Haz you voted for me today? If you haz I lav yew. My phone is resurrected from the lav! lav them ^-^ <3 aw mama spoiled me today. lav youu ! Er..Lav calls me Won Won? I can't break out the laptop during boarding, I'm hiding in the LAV (my office) as it is just to tweet U!!!! LIKE A INTERSEPTION THEM HOES CHASE THE D that line was tight...low lav goes in lol okay, new new theme! lav this one!!!!!!! evry1 is gettin pregs or married these days. I lav it. IM gona be an auntie !!! Here's another featured comedian for the HC Comedy/Talent Show: Lav Luv on Rihanna & Chris Brown One of my Dad's colleagues dropped a spanner down the station lav and broke it. Police had nothing to go on... Just found out my LAV we sent as a Modern Day Marine Expo giveaway had issues and won't be given out. Toy is "wheel's off", literally. :( would also lav 2meet her im a huge fan of her music you in dublin lav? <3 n we gon run this town toniite... Live LAV its a wonderful feelin ;-) Lav din favorit SW scene: Star Wars: Uncut the trailer. Impressive. MOST impressive - learned all vocs!! :D:D vocal training by my Bro :D lav it xD
Fevola provides warning: As Brendan Fevola holidayed nearby, newly appointed Gold Coast AFL coach Guy McKenna s.. Fevola provides warning: As Brendan Fevola holidayed nearby, newly appointed Gold Coast AFL coach Guy McKenna s.. Y!7 latest: Fev provides warning to budding GCFC: As Brendan Fevola holidayed ... Y!7 latest: Fev provides warning to budding GCFC: As Brendan Fevola holidayed nearby, ne.. I need to be J holidayed right now Is it weird to feel really connected to a place you've only holidayed at and not lived in do you reckon? well holidayed are we? I've just realised you live in Ibiza! Holidayed in Es Cana the once, had a fantastic time and beautiful place.Are you near there? I've only ever holidayed in NYC but I'm sure it has its own appeal as somewhere to live. Nice to come home tho x In the last six months, 4 of the 8 people at my work have holidayed in Bali. This calls for a celebration! By holidaying, in Bali!! Very reminiscent for me-holidayed in St Lucia in 1985.Went into what was then a Drive-in volcano-black boiling mud all around. Since then I have carried on enjoying work, moved in with my BF, seen blur in London, and holidayed in france with BF. There, caught up now! um, I holidayed. Actually not very holidayish activity. Travelling back from Groot Marico. Supposed to fast/ conside my sins. lol RIGHT..smh straight getting J-Holidayed lmao I recently holidayed in a very posh country house and found the Fist of Fun video in a book case there. No VHS player though?!? [Birding-Aus] Birds of the Kimberley: I recently holidayed in the Kimberley region and have just finished going.. Just j holidayed her ass Meanwhile, all Brits who holidayed in Spain (where they get drunk every nite and read British tabs) are so bow to us! 4 day weekend? Cool! "Good morning, 2nd day of weekend & already holidayed out...." Good morning, 2nd day of weekend & already holidayed out.... we have holidayed with them before remember had a nice time
2 good reviews out of how many total? Percentages! We have to average it out. :) who helps you dress? because you tend to dress a lot better then an average guy :) Holy crap! First Reviews Score 6% Higher Than Average :) Big story for the site! Maybe your mouth-watering function is lower on you than on the average person. :) Seriously, maybe it's diabetes? Frequent pee? So you're tall? average height? Anyone that I'm a foot taller than is :-) Amen to that! :) We wake up at 6:04 am? Thank god i'm not the "average" Londoner! hearing distinctly average things about ODST...glad i didn't get it. How did gunner spoil it tho? :) Just spent the last hour reading stories in my life is average...guess what? I submitted one of my stories! :D ITZ A REAL CUTE PIC!! I LIKE IT... :) WHT U THINK OF MINE??...MINUS THE AVERAGE CAM,HAIR,NAILZ & THE FACT THT I WAS SO BLOWED What Does the Average Entrepreneur Look Like? Whiz Kid or 40-something -> - I feel good :D What Does the Average Entrepreneur Look Like? Whiz Kid or 40-something -> - I feel good :D "Holy hellll! Wtf was that?" " just ur average unicorn dancing on a rainbow with a gun in one hand and knife in the other! " LMAO! :) How many average WoW players know her brother? | Whose brother? :) Srsly, I barely know who Jaina is. Indian "Holy Men" smoking 8 chillums of Hash for breakfast? Sounds like "average" Australian Surfer :-) Mayb they Holy too? Walkin on water Home sweet home. Can the weekend come sooner?? Feel average and stressed beyond words. Sugarland tomorrow!!! :) Im not the average cancer :-) (Oh really? Hmm...) less than the French national average? Is that for comparable age group etc? V interesting if so - we do love patterns :-) Well you and I are than the average bear :-) How are you sunshine? gee whiz & I only average 69.1 tweets per day :) *bows to you think I need therapy for it? Average. :) How was yours? I might have enough energy to do my dishes tonight! LOL. :) How are you today? Good day? Bad Day? Average Day? lol "oh i kissed him the other day" you did? How was it? "uhhhhh you know just average!" hahah love our convos :) xo how the fuck do i have a 100% average in geology?! This makes me worry a lot less about that 75 i got on my nutrition exam. =) My day was average ^_^ ty! Yours? You ran 29.50 miles in 20 minutes? Your average speed is 58.91 mph! Damn you are fast! :) PS yacht - looks like an average form/function deal. Submarine style didn't wow me... maybe there's a "catch" inside? :) heard the new 'All Shall Fall' yet? It's really good! Not your average black metal. :-) i have a little closer connection than average to the all american rejects video but where would i put a billboard? :) "just your average church wench--the one who is always kneeling! You know her?" OMG yes!!! I saw her in a porn film! :D Hello! Will let you know how poopy monday gets... So far it's pretty average :) Has he stopped talking about football yet? good idea :D what's the average cost for one? lol. Now that is not an average Sunday :) Gotta love San Francisco hey? ... better than average post? :D Average physical age or average mental age? :) she is in KL now, how could she? :D :::what's the samples size krab? T-distribtion / Moving Average / Stochastic? and did you hear I finished my Masters???? Finally! I got an A- on the thesis and an A average over all. :) free time now! lol! Link: My Life Is Average. But Is Yours? Let Me Know :D I'm pondering just which 250 words are in the average person's vocabulary ===Deb, see my last tweet. Sure u want to know? :) Recommend something my 13 yr old sister back at home could watch? Mind, she's not your average teen. Nor am I. :D Did u know that happy people make an average of $1m more than unhappy people over a lifetime? :) Did u know that happy people make an average of $1 million more than unhappy people over a lifetime? :) I'm happy bout it Did you know that happy people make an average of $1 million more than unhappy people over a lifetime? :) Did you know that happy people make an average of $1 million more than unhappy people over a lifetime? :) Who wants to be average anyways?? Not me :) LOL Did you know that happy people make an average of $1 million more than unhappy people over a lifetime? :)
RIP Keith Bence - for many archers, he was the face of Quicks (East Molsey) $337,250 :: 170 Archers Pt, Longwood FL, 32779 : 4 beds, 2 full 1 bathsSize: 2,966 sq ft Lot Size: 43,560 .. Song of the day: Brand New - Archers. Medieval archers shot 150lb long bows and were expected to shoot approx 15 arrows a minute! (not an easy task!) I'm so looking forward to Sunday - don't know what it is but it is the best day of the week - big breakfast, papers, Archers, lunch, D&T. x The Archers theme tune: For how many people is it a signal to turn off the radio and for how many a signal to keep listening? Unleash The Archers Welcome Back Drummer Unleash The Archers Welcome Back Drummer Cider (Apple), Vodka (Potato), Wine (Grape), Perry (Pear), Archers (Peach), Malibu (coconut). I never realised how much fun your 5 a day is! rules question summoning sickness flamekin spitfire Jagged-Scar Archers: Me and my brother were playing magic and he If explanations and justifications were arrows, archers, like golfers, will need caddies too: I love Jamie Archers first audition..a natural born The Ambridge adulterer: The antics of Charles Collingwood's character on The Archers are tame compared to his r.. The Ambridge adulterer: The antics of Charles Collingwood's character on The Archers are tame compared to his r.. Cedar Rapids man recalls his 50 years of bow hunting: Gazette Online Last year, Iowa archers .. htt... Cedar Rapids man recalls his 50 years of bow hunting: Gazette Online Last year, Iowa archers .. htt... Cedar Rapids man recalls his 50 years of bow hunting: Gazette Online Last year, Iowa archers harvested nearly 2.. As irrigators lead water whr they wnt & archers make arrows straight & carpenters carve wood the wise shape their minds-Buddha As irrigators lead water where they want, & archers make arrows straight, & carpenters carve wood, the wise shape their minds. ~ Buddha As irrigators lead water where they want, & archers make arrows straight, & carpenters carve wood, the wise shape their minds. ~ Buddha and there are those, like me who enjoy both the Archers and EastEnders. There are those that think the Archers is the intellectuals' choice Man hunts down and attacks call centre operative for ringing 3 times every Sunday morning during the omnibus edition of The Archers I'm not sure you can really compare Eastenders to the Archers. Not that I'm a fan of either it has to be said Boris was filmed weeks ago, was in the press in July I think... and no different to slebs popping up in The Archers. so do u listen to the Archers to? archers homie... cakex lol... diana i wish i owned a beetle. going to an archers meeting. wld like a google wave invite please thanks. ta. Very much enjoying the of Zane Lowe's show this evening. Going to have to catch The Archers on listen again, though... Archers: 091001 Thursday. Mike has a mixed blessing for Brenda, and Wayne shares his with Ambridge. jst hrd the best "Archers" evr- voice ovr 2 Muddy Waters & John Lee Hooker at their blues nite- who'd have thunk- made my day I cn tell U ! Okay, that was a cute way to introduce the closing theme to The Archers today what the hell is going on with The Archers? good to have back in ploughing away on his tractor and sounding gormless. where's he been all summer? missed him. sitting listening to the Archers after a 13 k run and trying to get the hang of this.... now on Radio 4: The Archers 19:00 The Archers: Mike gives Brenda a mixed blessing. Half and hour's more painting, the Archers, hot bath, Masterchef, in that order. just spoke with on the phone about today's going's on. Good times. Rave night tonight! Archers and Lemonade please! I've just realised this only applies to archers and Geoffrey Archer but not The Archers, who, to be fair, are a mixed bag. I hate archers, The Archers and Geoffrey Archer - you're all deceitful cowards... I hates archers, The Archers and Geoffrey Archer - you're all deceitful cowards... Is not in a plesant mood... So 2nite is cod4 and archers nite - Recent e-mail: "I thought you guys might like to kow what your dedicated Bowtech Archers do on their 'Most Im ... wishes archers would thin a few of the deer along the bike trail south of Saylorville along the river. Listening to the archers and ironing - rock and roll or what!
Simple Cloud a PHP API for interfacing any cloud services Best paper award: Check out this SlideShare Presentation : Interfacing with Worlds We have received the best paper award for our NEM Summit 2009 paper entitled Interfacing with Worlds :-) In a pre-production meeting with Salome Thomas-EL on internet interfacing tools- be on the look out I wonder if all those Google Wave users interfacing to Twitter through it are failwhaling us All I think about right now is interfacing to a controlled drug database. It's actually enjoyable, but I could probably use a vacation. UPS guy got a workout. He had 2 climb 20 or stairs up 2 my front dr 2 deliver 42 lb. box of interfacing. Probably... Finally interfacing with Jira through shows how to call web services using PS1. Powershell win. What controller do you have? What kind of PC / Mac are you interfacing with? Which software, etc... hoping my interfacing order is delivered today. I have some bags asking to be interfaced and finished. 3.3V <-> 5V Level Translation using Simlpe Transistors for XBee uC Interfacing. interesting, so there is a role for managers to play? Training, gameplans, player selection, interfacing with owners Ilkka Hakkari of Tieto speaks on interfacing with and code in a app Ilkka Hakkari of Tieto speaks on interfacing with S60 and Symbian code in a Qt app Ilkka Hakkar of Tieto speaks on interfacing with S60 and Symbian code in a Qt app Ah, of course. I'm forgetting all the interfacing details with the iRobot... :( working on new project! USB interfacing, have to study a lot.. electronic device interfacing going on all over the house at the moment Run your online store interfacing with PayPal's API? Double-check if API calls are still working: (via Open Thread Radio - Episode 3 of our Interfacing Thread out now - We examine innovative social networking. I socialised for an hour today. A whole hour of interfacing with another human being, what is wrong with me? cut the fabric and the lining, just the silk organza interfacing to go - wearing something I have already got is not an option postbox is different because there are so many other free options for email interfacing that are almost as good. This pm : debugging of a model, installation of on our experimentation robot, and interfacing of & ... Multitask ! Jack and I are heading to the store to buy a bolt of interfacing. Ya'll think I can make it out of that with JUST that? I'll let you know. Wrestling with elastic, interfacing and velcro. It's clean-up Wednesday! maybe you should learn some hardware/software interfacing... also, lets talk about making a bachelor pad later. Today's Horoscope, Theres no one better than you when it comes to interfacing with clients or handling PR now. Guess I am in the right job! OK, look. Many of the fabrics used in ID costumes are beautiful, but far too many are just tinsel glued to interfacing. Who's idea was THAT? Check out this SlideShare Presentation : Interfacing with Worlds sherlock hat would be very good for you, but execution may be difficult. Probably all hand sewn through heavy interfacing. Project Manager: VIC-Melbourne, Circa $110kpck Client Interfacing Varied Proje.. Project Manager: VIC-Melbourne, Circa $110kpck Client Interfacing Varied P.. Project Manager: VIC-Melbourne, Circa $110kpck Client Interfacing Varied P.. Signing up for yet another interfacing program Should be going to bed as I have an epic 12hr day tomorrow, but cutting some interfacing instead. Go figure. Python module for interfacing with your iSight camera - Why does interfacing with a credit card company have to be so hard. They send me info but don't check the return code. wth? Google Wave Interfacing with SAP BPM and Cool and Scary at the same time! Marine Electronic Interfacing Products manufacturer AMI Marine (UK) Ltd updated website on HelloTrade Chris Pratley - Natural Interfacing on Flickr - Photo Sharing! (via Is tweeting an improvement in social interfacing or a decrement? is studying about "SisMin & Simulasi MCS51" for Microprocessor and Interfacing's practice. (JUNE HAZELL) Well where did today go.....now cook tea feet up....bit of interfacing on me pooter one thinks.......ca ... Well where did today go.....now cook tea feet up....bit of interfacing on me pooter one thinks.......cant wait till friday swim chill relax. Picnic 09 - Chris Pratley - General Manager Microsoft Office Labs - Natural Interfacing on Vimeo (via
Just watched your about "Keingo". I really like your story, very emotional, and very good Cheers !! Watched Flash Forward it is so good, I love it. Greys seems to be gettin' really interesting, LOL I watched a Charlie's Angel's marathon last night, Just watched (500) Days of Summer. Postman just came with self and Ryan Russell print. I'm one smiley motherfucker. Since I can't go to London to see Inherit the Wind, I watched "Darrow" with Kevin Spacey instead. Watched your interview on Chunky Love. You're a hoot! watched abit of mrs.doubtfire on tv while eating dinner (: Watched SA's got talent...show was a waste, the only talent these ppl have is making fools of us!!!! lol watched wake up sid today.. A decent movie I haven't watched Hollyoaks in about 6 months. How did she die? lol Watched the new show "Flashforward" - I'm hooked! I have watched twilight. I thought I was watching a comedy for most of it. I watched several episodes of Dora to study for my spanish exam. Not only am I accomplished I am also defeated. I watched the moon row :: lazily across the night. :: No sound or ripple. //*Beautiful imagery*// Just watched UP. Such a sweet movie.. made me cry like a baby. :/ Pixar did an awesome job!! Watched some dorks gamble on dradle spinning. Odd. They were slightly intoxicated too. Good times. Sleep now. hiya love! its been ages! miss universe any good? bored and sick have watched about 4 films today. download-a-rama! Watched Vampire Dreams all day. Successfully kept him out of my mind ;) only episode i have watched in about a month was the surfing lesson one, omnomnom :) dreamt that I was Gregory House, defusing a hostage situation at a bank. But -- how come? I haven't even watched last night's episode yet! wondering what i should do now. Hv been surfing the internt and watched youtube for 4 hours now. I need to get a life. haha .@JewishChron Shalit video released to officials. IDF Chief of Staff Gabi Ashkenazy has watched the video of Just watched The Basket Ball diaries for the first time...amazing performance from Leo! Makes me want to learn so much about Jim Carol! downloaded 5 michael jordan's clips from youtube and watched them on iphone...emang belum ada yg ngalahin dia ya...**~ anybody watched Drag me to hell yet? Definitely not. And it has nothing to do with that. I watched season 1 and 2 long ago. lovin the haircut bro! Just watched Diggnation! Almost wish I watched Easteaders, just for the fun of seeing you with Barb! I don't know why but I watched Who's Your Daddy? and it's as shitty as u expect it to be :) - OMG!!! Just watched your new video...now that was cool! LOVE IT!! U can tell ya had fun.U just keep getting better & better Ahhh lovely I watched the moon row :: lazily across the night. :: No sound or ripple. Well just watched my first legal Foxtel download on my Mac - had to run Foxtel player on my VM Fusion Win XP - all worked without a problem! Just in Kinsealy getting a carwash. Just watched a woman back her Focus into another woman's Civic. Idiot. Still, me. ; ) I watched the moon row :: lazily across the night. :: No sound or ripple. {{Amazing!! Simply beautiful!!}} I watched that like yesterday dood.. Its just okay ya.. I just watched surrogates!! Watched first Japanese Grand Prix practice, slept through second which was mostly rained off anyway so I didn't miss much. just watched "unknow women" film,,,italy,,,,excelent film,,,truely touching film,,, I watched the moon row :: lazily across the night. :: No sound or ripple. awesome photos of your bike trip! how nice to have FLAT roads to bike on! I watched slideshow in Flickr - Very nice :) Just watched Proposal. Funny!!!!! a few hours ago i watched a film okay, it's spiderman playing....i think this is the 12345678 times i've watched that -_____- Just watched that 50yo lady from the company above us walking decoratively through the city center. She has a GORGEOUS body long legs! WOW! Prada tie, Prada belt. Okay, re-watched factory girl and that guy from Prada is really cool. Everything PRADA! After watched KCB 2,I thinking the marriage is an easy thing.... (kykna inggris gw kacau)hahahaha... Today in physics we went outside and practically watched the boys in out class play football for 20 minutes i've seen you quote entourage a few times.. I just watched season one a couple days ago. Which season is your favorite? Hope u feeling ok!! Just watched your video... I've decided my videos are going to all b very positive...I think ppl need it atm! Just watched the LAMC productions Tribute to Michael Jackson at Edward Moss is so good i thought MJ is still alive. Fuck! LOL, funny Rob, I actually watched 3 eps on Wednesday, I didn't have any to watch yesterday :( I'll get more tonight!
Michael Cashman, the former EastEnders actor is now a Labour MEP (an inversion on the theme). My First Posterous Post A cloud inversion over Derwent Keswick LMAO LOL Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? LOL Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? Inversion of Control and Dependency Injection with Castle Windsor Container - I IoC sample app Avs are taking full advantage of San Jose playing with a full cranial-rectal inversion. .@karlrove Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? Teeter Hang Ups EP-950 Inversion Therapy Table Comes With An Instructional DVD .@karlrove Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? Teeter Hang Ups Power II Inversion Table Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? .@karlrove Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? .@karlrove Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? Just fell off my chair. Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? HA! .@karlrove Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? Just fell off my chair. Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition?.. .@karlrove Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? Just fell off my chair. Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? .@karlrove Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? .@karlrove Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? .@karlrove Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? \\YES! .@karlrove Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? .@karlrove Does your health care consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? /Positive he was born lk that .@karlrove Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? .@karlrove Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? .@karlrove Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? .@karlrove Does your health care plan consider your Anal/Cranial Inversion a pre-existing condition? New Blog Post: Inversion Tables - Facts, Best Information What a inversion of life ... IRS seeks to discourage inversion transactions Photo: Blue sunset The perspective of height. The inversion of colours. The multitude of waves & the... Cool Photo: Deschutes Brewery, Inversion I.P.A. (via Cool Photo: Deschutes Brewery, Inversion I.P.A. MORAL INVERSION THE GLAM RETURN OF THE MEDIA-TERRORIST COMPLEX # Inversion table - Beny Inversion table - Beny Muscle Advice: Health Mark IV18600 Pro Inversion Therapy Chair With enough inversion (perversion?) of control all those errors could be made for you without even requiring your intervention. The chiropractor's inversion table was the of my relief, so now I have moved to IDD therapy. I am praying for recovery!!! The chiropractor's inversion table was the of my relief, so now I have moved to IDD therapy. I am praying for recovery!!! Headstand and Inversion Yoga Poses Moral Inversion US, Iran meet directly at nuclear talks in Geneva: So what do you get for being a rogue .. "Moral Inversion Iran can do no evil that Bush-Obama cannot ignore. A dendritic molecular switch: chiral folding and helicity inversion. Got a new inversion table? Here's how to use it in 4 easy steps. Moral Inversion US, Iran meet directly at nuclear talks in Geneva When it comes to Inversion of Control, what's the worst scenario? - please
Robbie Savage accuses Wales manager John Toshack of prematurely ending his international career because of his .. Savage's fresh Toshack criticism : Robbie Savage accuses Wales manager John Toshack of prematurely ending his i.. says apparently my dad bought BB... aaand he can't use it ^^;; if i'm lucky, it will be prematurely inherited to me 8D would die prematurely...consider changing hero... calm down before you get yourself prematurely fired Savage reopens Toshack row: Robbie Savage accuses Wales manager John Toshack of prematurely ending his internat.. Follow Friday Growing a third leg ended his cycling career prematurely, so now he's tweeting and taking very crisp photos: Then is coming home to prematurely celebrate his midweek 21st 21! My son is 21 - how can this be??! Robbie Savage accuses Wales manager John Toshack of prematurely ending his international career because of his character and not his foo.. Savage reopens Toshack row: Robbie Savage accuses Wales manager John Toshack of prematurely ending his internat.. ...implying that you're prematurely wearing a koteka before its official UNESCO declaration and that ur pubes made a ruckus? Savage reopens Toshack row: Robbie Savage accuses Wales manager John Toshack of prematurely ending his internat.. Savage reopens Toshack row: Robbie Savage accuses Wales manager John Toshack of prematurely endin.. Savage reopens Toshack row: Robbie Savage accuses Wales manager John Toshack of prematurely ending his internat.. Savage reopens Toshack row: Robbie Savage accuses Wales manager John Toshack of prematurely ending his internat.. Savage reopens Toshack row: Robbie Savage accuses Wales manager John Toshack of prematurely ending his internat.. last night you were making a mess in your pants and now your peen is sneezing prematurely? Might wanna get that checked ;-) LMAO Savage's fresh Toshack criticism : Robbie Savage accuses Wales manager John Toshack of prematurely ending his i.. FELLAS...ILL BUY ALL OF U A PAIR FOR CHRISTMAS!!!! ,--Wow now maybe my dick won't sneeze prematurely history channel doesn't announce deaths prematurely Savage's fresh Toshack criticism : Robbie Savage has accuses Wales manager John Toshack of prematurely ending h.. Robbie Savage has accuses Wales manager John Toshack of prematurely ending his international career because of his character and not his.. Savage's fresh Toshack criticism : Robbie Savage has accuses Wales manager John Toshack of prematurely ending h.. Confirming my suspicion that Australia goes prematurely batshit crazy for Xmas before any other country. IT'S OCTOBER FORFUCKS. AWESOME FRINGE EPISODE 2NIGHT BUT! THE WEAK LIKN WAS THE HAM RADIO VHF FREQUENCY USED 2 DETONATE! SOME HAM MIGHT DETONATE PREMATURELY!! ;-) I don't think I can handle a year of memorizing scientific words... Senioritis is going to happen prematurely. "18% of the study group also have prematurely withdrawn funds from their retirement savings accounts." So I'm sitting here in the gym with this guy who is going prematurely bald on the WHOLE top of his head. Time to go for the look. I'm trying to be patient and not blow my top prematurely, if we think about it too much, we'll be like that guy's head blowing! he prematurely ejaculated before he got in I'm fully expecting my morning in bed to be prematurely interrupted. My work is never done. *sigh* eh this one wasnt prematurely she just didnt want the friendship to end... that sucks...i had to deal with that recently so its a tough blow whenever stuff ends (prematurely in my guess) Hahaha no bueno! Goooood night he prematurely. I must be getting old prematurely... Last night slept from1930-0630. Bout to pass out and it's not even 2200. Jeez. he prematurely. I was born prematurely and have such poor vision even street signs don't recognize me. Doubley just sent porn to my phone, and immediately I prematurely ejaculated! Hugs to all Happy wishers. Prematurely sending Thomas cute dogs picture from the SPCA. (Bee is So cute) ANOTHER RP ENDED PREMATURELY. WHY YOU GOTTA LEAVE WINONA. I SO LONELY. So automatic toilets always go off prematurely. Icky. But why is it, when you need to make it flush, you can't trick it by moving around? pressed Enter prematurely on that last tweet,then tried to send the rest of it w/o '@' replying to you.. got it the 3rd time tho sometimes too much moaning make a nigga ejaculate prematurely... lmao....hahah I got so excited I prematurely replied :) Im always here when you need me! I'm a 26 episode girl. I hate when something ends prematurely and I hate when something drags on. 26 is usually the best! OMG I was so excited...it's like I prematurely ejaculated ffaf or something sometimes too much moaning make a nigga ejaculate prematurely... lmao....haha that's crazi Gingrich pulls out prematurely in topless club incident. / [Facebook] Greg We have nothing to drink except beer. Guess detox is over prematurely!
Yes, I looked at the site! I looked at four full pages and still could not divine WTF I'm supposed to do! Very unskillful of them My ex was a cancer on my life. Making me miserable and encouraging unskillful behavior. Fu Rachel. =) Delusion is unskillful, never leads to happiness. But you have as many lives as you need to get it right, spend this 1 as you wish Ignorance is skillful as a question, unskillful as an opinion. ~ The Barking Unicorn No one can make you feel unskillful without your consent.-Eleanor Roosevelt Through practice, we feel the pain that unskillful thoughts produce, release them, and substitute a wiser perspective. Buddhists do not say that all Desires are unskillful. Desire for what is good for you is skillful, leads to true happiness. To upset a child with delusions about extinctions is unskillful.
Im in front of euphoria . Who here? Call me Euphoria, I'm coming in a few hours..u better b ready!! Off to the Hot! Mag at Euphoria. Thanks Renault for picking us up! Euphoria is encircling the whole country right now. (#Rio2016) Hot or Not? Jadakiss ft Rakim "Euphoria": Hot or Not? Jadakiss ft Rakim "Euphoria": ok. office packed up. now for house. Adrenaline, fear, and euphoria makes for an interesting mix. Jadakiss_ft_Rakim-Euphoria-New!!! | BeatsOnLockBlog Thought of going for the HOT magazine Euphoria tonight, but stuck with JMB members to discuss on 1 Malaysia Muhibbah Night... :( Classic euphoria on very loud!!! Welcome............to the weekend!!!!!!!! It's some time between being super late and super early. Some place between euphoria and stupidity. Just coded an all-nighter. Bye the way, mengenai euphoria batik,katanya yang dijadiin warisan budaya sama UNESCO kan cara membatik menggunakan canting yang dr indo ... I rated a YouTube video (5 out of 5 stars) -- Utmost djs - Euphoria fast foot 2009 just uploaded 51 new photos to Facebook "Euphoria - MiX-Tape - 01 October 2009" album: Disappointed by Fame, lacked the gritty euphoria of the original and suffered from some bad, bad editing. Jadakiss feat. RAKIM - Euphoria // New Music // TheRundown.TV Trance Awards Euphoria Compilation Album says OMG! chapter 9 of states of euphoria by rayne aguilar is done! Titles of some: Euphoria, Dancing on the lines of sunshine, Let's fall in love, Etc etc more cheesy things here ^_^ OMFG is headlining 2009 and the next day at \o/\o/\o/ can you spell euphoria?! Good dj's build up to a feeling of euphoria, this is not that kind of djing. I think iTunes genius might be better off at this point Dull old finance day yesterday with bunch of boring accountants. Puzzled as to where the euphoria and slightly fuzzy head has come from. I'm really and it tends to be my biggest burden. Dumbing down is the mask, within my burden still follows. True euphoria is oblivious. Now Playing on Ambient Popsicle: Euphoria ''Watching The Skies'' (from Euphoria) Today is a historical day for our nation, Batik is officially known as Indonesian heritage. I wear it today and i feel the euphoria . just uploaded 51 new photos to Facebook "Euphoria - MiX-Tape - 1 October 2009" album: "Today, the euphoria of that autumn night 18 years ago, when the unthinkable became reality, is gone" ch. "The Wall" in Euphoria arus batik dan benefit yang didapatnya Free drinks @ bengawan solo for batikers.. Antree antree jadakiss ft rakim euphoria WOOOOOHOOOOOOO! Intaxication : Euphoria at getting a tax refund, which lasts until you realize it was your money to with. I think they are not skeptic as for the batik or technique itself, but the euphoria and peer pressure, perharps? xD Time to leave & to go to work, yey.. Euphoria. Anyways, bye folks. :) EUPHORIA...its where I'm at =) I beat Tiger Woods on my iPhone game by twelve strokes today. But before my euphoria had a chance to blossom, I realized it's just a game. # Dnbheaven Radio - Now Playing: Euphoria - Passion Happiness is not enough. I demand euphoria. - (via alyssamariee) They have drugs for that of thing. Time for wine ;) Does anyone else feel a sense of euphoria when clearing the "All Friends" column on tweetdeck?? no. :( i'll be blinging it up at euphoria for hot magazine instead. Jin not giving to Moots and Rudy? hell yea! Hopefully the batik frenzy isn't just one day euphoria :) Batik euphoria! For once in my life, I'm actually enjoying wearing a batik fencing = euphoria Does anyone else feel a sense of euphoria when clearing the "All Friends" column on tweetdeck?? the euphoria of batiksday,,yippiiyyy,,,senengnya liat org2 pada annn sehariaannn Hope this Indonesian BATIK celebration won't just be temporary euphoria the euphoria of batiksday,,yippiiyyy,,,senengnya liat org2 pada batikANseharian,,, me? I don't even have any Batik..hahah..I'm wearing my moms..but anyway,let's see this euphoria in positive way ;) me? I don't even have any Batik..hahah..I'm wearing my moms..but anyway,let's see this euphoria in positive ways ;) - Euphoria -
Install Awning (Arlington): I am trying to get rough cost of installing a Sunsetter awning. Basic 12ft awning. .. I didn't only crash into the door I walked by the bar 3 times without seeing it, then banged my head on the awning. Arse! Picture of the Day [#potd Red Awning Of course when I'm not there william beckett is... Fml. Billiards at a red awning donned bar in Iowa City. Billiards at a red awning donned bar in Iowa City. AGH. The patio awning slats will be ripped out tomorrow @ 730 hours. is glad that they got the downspouts reconnected at the church before the rain Awning is nearly fixed, 1 coat of paint done. Nice Starbucks, if u charged more for your coffee u could afford awning for the drive thru. I Soaking hate u. See ya tomorrow. (via I think what you really miss is that every deli boasts an awning that claims it to be "world famous" or "gourmet!" Haha... DAGNABBIT-can't find clips for awning Forget that project. Back to vent replacement on the Toyota/Odyssey motorhome. Wish me luck! Ya know, nobody ever tells you what to do if you're on the freeway & a huge gust of wind pops your awning's ratchet & tears it open. quick stop to get a burger for dealing with the awning in the crazy wind, then back on the road. We are featured in the current edition of Fabric Architecture Magazine. Free Windows, Doors, Awning, Metal,etc (Junction City): Easy Pick Up-Aluminum .. Bradcot Plus Porch Awning: We have a Bradcot Porch awning for sale,wine in colour,alloy poles with the .. Saw my first Tel Aviv sukkah, at Agvaniya on Ibn Gvirol. Half of it is under an awning, so not kosher, but maybe they'll drag it out later? Have the awning out on my 40' 5th wheel RV and Santa Ana winds kicking up. So... must install deflappers and canvas C'est la vie. Well that was all kinds of exciting. Wind nearly ripped our awning off, had to pull over. Damage looks minor. Zip ties are our friends. High winds did in the canvas awning shading my patio doors the other day. I'd forgotten how well it regulated temps in the kitchen. (cont'd) Long overdue! Mouth Cafe has a new awning. Slowly, it is getting de-la-luna-ized. Mouth Cafe has a new awning. Slowly, it is getting de-la-luna-ized. WHAT PISSES ME OFF IN LIFE? I GO 2 MCDONALD'S 4 A COKE & FRIES! AND THEIR AWNING KNOCKS DOWN MY HAM RADIO ANTENNAS!! :( bored. sitting under the awning in front of the library. unless they are the kind that roll in and out...those awning are baller We are working on an Awning for a Starbucks Coffee location on Brady and Farwell ST in Milwaukee. Dear guy with umbrella, what is the purpose of your shelter if you're just going to use the awning anyway. Jackass. Just had to rescue kitten stuck in awning @ magnet theater. Reward my bravery.#fb RV Listed For Sale: 2002 Keystone Hornet 26' - AWNING, OUTSIDE STORAGE, BOOTH DINETTE, HIDE-A-BED SOFA, DUCTED A/C,... Aerial view of the City Hall and the new park without the awning. bought a small paintbox so can 'sketch' while in Norwich at weekend. Hoping for colourful Autumn trees in view from my awning! Web Video for Blind/Awning Company on the Gold Coast do i *really* need a free Awning Idea book? i am so NOT calling you Few locally owned hardware stores left also St. Louis Shade & Awning, Marx HArdware Don't sell something that has a name longer than its commercial, like The Sun Setter Retractable Awning... 4real!!! These sunsetter retractable awning bastards sure do a crappy job of covering up their $100 price hike. Jerks. about a Patio Awning you need to design an awning like this. First they changes the awning & called it the Rage How about 86 street? They painted it red inside and called it Gossip LUNAR MOONLIGHT 5 CARAVAN WITH AWNING ETC LUNAR MOONLIGHT 5 CARAVAN WITH AWNING ETC no. 1st mezz. right under the awning so I wouldn't get rained on. right next to a club in the stadium. private bathrooms too. Twitter again sets the standard for breaking tarp, awning and synthetic covering news: Plastic rolled up above lockers The starbucks awning that just came barreling at, seemingly, my head me New Yelp Review: Pinecrest Diner (3/5) on Yelp: Their awning claims, "We serve the best breakfa.. Eurovent Miami Caravan Awning 770-805cm size 6 & annexe
Has seven days to come up with a creative way to celebrate the ordinary G'morning twimps n twimpets, its Friday Yayyy! Its gonna be a good 1. 2night its on n poppin as I celebrate my sis bday at Strata Wow..i finally hit the two million point mark..wonder how to celebrate? is giving away a $999 MacBook to celebrate launching the iPhone app "dude" - Come CELEBRATE! The Tiki Room Morning Show LIVE until 10am Eastern! Come chat with us in chatroom at On my way to Arnhem. Gonna celebrate the graduation of a friend of min. Oh, and happy Chuseok to everyone out there! Though most people don't celebrate it unless they're Koreans, or in Korea. xD THANK U! Come CELEBRATE! TRMS is LIVE until 10am Eastern! Come chat in the chatroom at Celebrate LIVESTRONG DAY everyone. Wear yellow! It's Friday! Celebrate you weekend with something new for your home...home about a tray to serve hot apple cider? G-d that sounds great! IT'S FRIDAY! CELEBRATE!!! "i celebrate gandhi ji's by wearing sneakers made in china" .@jcarrot Sukkot: Recipes for Celebrating Diverity. Sukkot is a wonderful time to celebrate not just the bounty - My 500th tweet. Getting ready to celebrate mom's life this weekend. She will be missed. South Carolina is holding a Moonshiner's Festival to celebrate the state's corn liquor heritage. I can't make this stuff up. Happy ScrapFriendzy!!! Our is in full swing! Come celebrate with us! happy gandhi jayanti 2 ol...lets celebrate ds dry day wid a mug of beer.....cheerrzzzzzzzz Come CELEBRATE! The Tiki Room Morning Show is LIVE until 10am Eastern! Come chat with us in the chatroom at Happy ScrapFriendzy!!! Our in full swing! Come celebrate with us! DVD library now shelved, albeit on temporary storage. Nice to finally see it there. Will be in Trevs Bar tonight to celebrate! is giving away a $999 MacBook to celebrate launching the iPhone app "dude" - Celebrating Today 10/02: National Diversity Day- a day to celebrate & embrace who we are, despite our differences What a great idea!!! Try Swahili or something really fun! Or Brazilian, to celebrate their Olympic bid! [10-2-09] Touch NYC @ 5pm: SPECIAL EVENT: Brand New Friday AFTERWORK Celebrate the Good Life European Physicists to Celebrate 100 Years of Cosmic Ray Experiments! Celebrate your at RED SoHo and RED Bar Restaurant, bday person receive a free meal & a bottle of white or red: Guinness Fund grants $750,000 to underserved entrepreneurs: To celebrate the 250th anniv. of Mohandas Gandhi (Oct 2). Celebrate by being the change you want to see in the world. Good morniiiing!!!! Beautiful day! It's my Let's celebrate Rio 2016!!!!!! Just got home frm trying to celebrate my bday wi/ my sis in advance. Thot Pepeng arrived ahead of time when it rained hard. Nakkapraning! :$ The Beautiful Beginnings wedding helps you celebrate your special day with elegance and simplicity. It includes a... Taking the day off today to celebrate a successful get a haircut, and re-energize for a new (and likely busier) OHOH, chuseok is really related to mid autumn! they will have 3 days off to celebrate this! SO COOL PLEASE! :D Setting up the store for tomorrow's big day, Come celebrate with us from 11:30-2:30. Lots of free foods.. Rain or Shine.. Also National Diversity Day 2 Celebrate&embrace who we are, despite our differences, Owen is two weeks old today. We all night to celebrate yes it is a great feeling! I am going out tonight to celebrate the end of a great week. :) you should too! Requiem for Lost Horror and Cult Magazines - celebrate some of the great deceased horror magazines Well done Tony, you'll make a great President. Don't forget our invite to the big to celebrate! TSM at Labour Media GM Guyz!!! Celebrate someone else's victory today!!! SO glad that today is FRIDAY!!! Time to celebrate weeeeeekend, who's with me? :) is giving away a $999 MacBook to celebrate launching the iPhone app "dude off to yishun park with to celebrate lantern festival with baby sister and the kids from her school! Let's celebrate your at... The KOPITIAM~ wheeee Celebrate 2nd with their huge prize giveaway New dichotomy, debat No, I do NOT celebrate my off to yishun park with to celebrate lantern festival with baby sister and the kids from her school!
Central Asia's Poorest Areas Get ?14 Million Boost From DFID|A new plan to allocate ?14 million is set to .. Video of Morgan Stanley Asia's Stephen Roach on '"The Next Asia" and future of Asian economies Video of Morgan Stanley Asia's Stephen Roach on '"The Next Asia" and future of Asian economies Climate change threatens Asia's farming, energy securityThai News Agency MCOTClimate change .. Climate change threatens Asia's farming, energy security Climate change threatens Asia's farming, energy security - TwoCircles.net: Thai News Agency MCOTClimate change .. Humans also to blame for Impact of Asia's natural disasters Philippines Kicks Off Global Mass Breastfeeding : With one of Asia's highest rates, the Philippines has b.. How you can help Asia's disaster survivors How you can help Asia's disaster survivors Singapore Sun Festival 2009: Asia's Leading and Lifestyle...: Cardo.. Asian Markets Follow U.S. Stocks Lower: Asia's stock markets headed lower on Friday in the wake of a steep drop on W.. Asian Markets Follow U.S. Stocks Lower: Asia's stock markets headed lower on Friday in the wake of a steep drop on W.. Asian Markets Follow U.S. Stocks Lower: Asia's stock markets headed lower on Friday in the wake of a steep drop.. Asia's death toll from Ketsana rises: THUA THIEN-HUE, Vietnam : Asian nations were left counting the.. Asia's death toll from Ketsana rises Humans also to blame for Impact of Asia's natural disasters: Manila (AFP) Oct 1, 2009 - Environmental damage, shoddy.. Philippines Kicks Off Global Mass Breastfeeding - With one of Asia's highest rates, .. Philippines Kicks Off Global Mass Breastfeeding - With one of Asia's highest rates, .. Singapore Sun Festival 2009: Asia's Leading and Lifestyle...: ...pe.. Philippines Kicks Off Global Mass Breastfeeding - With one of Asia's highest rates, .. Philippines Kicks Off Global Mass Breastfeeding - With one of Asia's highest rates, .. Philippines Kicks Off Global Mass Breastfeeding - With one of Asia's highest rates, .. Philippines Kicks Off Global Mass Breastfeeding - With one of Asia's highest rates, .. Singapore Sun Festival 2009: Asia's Leading and Lifestyle Festival Opens Today! (pls Singapore Sun Festival 2009: Asia's Leading and Lifestyle Festival Opens Today!: Features.. (pls Singapore Sun Festival 2009: Asia's Leading and Lifestyle Festival Opens Today!: Features.. TIGER Airways is crying foul about its rival Jetstar Asia's "$0" sale fares on its website. Singapore Sun Festival 2009: Asia's Leading and Lifestyle Festival Opens Today! Breaking: Warning: climate change poses risk to Asia's food security - Radio Australia Philippines Kicks Off Global Mass Breastfeeding: With one of Asia's highest rates, the Philippines has be.. Warning: climate change poses risk to Asia's food security Warning: climate change poses risk to Asia's food security Philippines Kicks Off Global Mass Breastfeeding - With one of Asia's highest rates, .. Experience Asia's leading yoga center to relax your mind & soul with Pure Yoga today with 3 complimentary classes:: asia's bangs looks like a feather!!!! top restaurant is in Hong Kong according to Miele Guide New blog post: Warning: climate change poses risk to Asia's food security - Radio Australia Warning: climate change poses risk to Asia's food security: The Asian Development Bank has warned that clim.. watching fear at asia's house in rancho
Almost the weekend. Yaaaaasss!! [I second that emotion!] ten pages in & this book has already invoked a lot of emotion in me. I'll let u know what I think when I finish Great, now BO is using emotion to try to get the Olympics in Chicago. Can a temper tantrum to get health care passed be far behind? i just love my swing of emotion. high esteem and then a low esteem to push it back down. Thanks :D Life is too to waste it using a superfluous emotion like worry! i have some undicided emotion, afraid to lose him and afraid to have him.,what would be my final decision to be w/ him or let him go.,., As the familiar saying - "Acting is not being emotional, but being able to express emotion." (Kate Reid) If ya didn't know that jealousy is a waisted emotion and I don't condone or promote it! If ya feel I'm talkin to U, then... fugg U! I can see how in tech industry that applies, but furniture is very much about mood and emotion - images matter, not text upstrs tnight prewedding fmily dinr 30 pax flown in from all over the world. Eldst 94 yngest 16.Lots emotion.Shared feast.Great wine Lovely Love is the one pure emotion the rest are created by circumstance! no more poison, killing my emotion On my way to my grandfather's funeral. I really don't attach any emotion to death, it's strange, I feel very little. thanks to for paying homage to the emotion lab - but where are the girls? Kayak - Emotion "Charger" (Southern Delaware) $200 This is where we both get scared, this is where emotion flares, this is where we both breath air. No more poison killing my emotion i will not be frozen dancing is my remedy 'And if the day came when I felt a natural emotion I'd get such a shock I'd probably jump in the ocean...' I second that emotion! LET'S GO CHICAGO! "Show no emotion, and it can destroy your soul." Well, let's put that to the test, eh? ... I was always a fundi guy til I realized pe was just human emotion and I could track emotion via TA. Combo of ta fundi's best :) Love is the one emotion the time and pain to go after.The good feelings out weigh the bad any day. Do not allow the Self to pull you back with emotion and fear. Detach and see the purpose of the experience. your problem is that you're thinking of love as an emotion, not in a sexual manner. Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary. Axtman (Loma Linda) posted an amateur photo: (flower, couples, love, cristina, blue, happiness, emotion, joy, youngc ... long enough to blink,this feeling could lead inton depresstion quickly as u can say 123,releasing of EMOTION is really ok U can change UR emotion immediately by thinking of something joyful, or singing song, or remembering happy experience. You come far with logic, with emotion and even with both logic and emotion suka bangetz **Big Bang - Emotion (JTLeung Remix)** (music) Man why am I still up?... In my mind Im sayin that with immense emotion... I just don't believe in exclamation marks... -_- Man why am I still up?... In my mind Im sayin that with immense emotion... I just don't believe in question marks... -_- You can change your emotion immediately by thinking of something joyful, or singing a song, or remembering a happy experience. How to draw sad emotion, room stylee - 'I'm talking about feelings, not thinking. Not logic, emotion.' no more potion killing my emotion "I believe music is espresso of emotion" Random Beliefs (via What are yours? experienced a new emotion, fear for my parent's health. Fear manifest to anger n felt these ppl r stupid. Thank dear God I found a great Dr. Today's Tip: for some weekend inspiration, scrap an emotion. Feeling joyful? Take a photo of what makes you feel so good and scrap about it! How Mr. Q Manufactured Emotion | Dustin Sound design at Disney World. I'd really love to try the multiple spe ... Hanging video Check. Projectors? Check. Emotion reading cameras? Check. All set for PV tonight 6-9pm? Check Hanging video Check. Projectors? Check. Emotion reading cameras? Check. All set for PV tonight 6-9pm? Check Tokyo 2016 Olympic Bid Presentation Emphasizes Great Spirit Despite Lack of Emotion Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary. Anyone else have a problem with Chilly bringing up "serial-killer mentality'' in addressing Favre's pregame emotion? Favre took exception. Tokyo 2016 Olympic Bid Presentation Emphasizes Great Spirit Despite Lack of Emotion at Uj waiting for Kelly and feeling cross with myself. What a useless emotion... Cross... Rubbish! In ''Giselle,'' motion plumbs emotion, depths to pinnacle other stories:
underestimation is the peak of foolishness. Haha!! Pity on 'em! :D no underestimation here. I know the brilliance of ur online skills. I want in on this followfriday, haha. Just lost all hope in myself as a writer, and then gained it all back again. Three cheers for underestimation! Underestimation is a weapon. Its been the down fall of many a fool... Underestimation - When a mother takes a MacBook, the child makes do with a PC. When a mother takes an iPod... Your underestimation of my intelligence serves as an exhibition of your lack thereof. | OMG IM FAVORITING THIS & FBOOKING IT Your underestimation of my intelligence serves as an exhibition of your lack thereof. | HOOO I HAD 2 READ DIS 1 TWICE! Luvit Your underestimation of my intelligence serves as an exhibition of your lack thereof. Whoa, it's only 8:45? I thought it was at least 9:30 (and that my guess was a great underestimation). today: desperation, colour, conversation, high ambitions, pay day, qualifications, underestimation, dreams, crush, autumn Underestimation is a poor substitute for high-quality respect. "they're a lot better than we thought they were" ab USF from Bowden. That was a strange quote about underestimation. SAN infrastructure underestimation = brutal. (c)And that's right,I pluggd myself in lke an adapter.Bang wit da Chargers,need2push1,gt tht thunder2rain on parades of hate&underestimation what a day... sold COBA bit to early - underestimation of todays market reaction - however Thalia to be recommended -... People cyberstalking me are not aware that I can trace their IPs and the contact numbers of their service providers. Underestimation is sin! 9/26/9:ODONG! PAG-ASA has underestimation. no early warning. no news. no announcement. said dat it will cum on the 28th. false! also an underestimation of the opponent, gotta take every challenger seriously cuz if not u gon end up like "how and why did I lose?" Boss needs the end of day. What an underestimation! Delivering in 25 mins. Hand me the coffee, Manong. jessicahalem: ok well a tad may be an underestimation for some of us but still the visit. It's very moving. dear againsters, PREPARE TO FEEL THE RESULTS OF your UNFOUNDED ARROGANCE AND ABSOLUTE UNDERESTIMATION 0F G00D PE0PLE. you WILL N0T BE MISSED Capitalizing on the Vegas' gross underestimation of the Big Ten. Iowa 17 and Purdue 14 in a teaser was gold. I have a wonderful girl. another cattle underestimation. may you not survive the night Slumber overestimation: The amount of vegetable and fruit necessary. Underestimation: The amount of patience necessary. "She doesn't yet know that you are only Casaubon to her Dorothea". Nice underestimation, (& see by "She doesn't yet know that you are only Casaubon to her Dorothea". Nice underestimation, (link via Stunning is a bit of an underestimation my darling, what's better than perfection called? Oh... You ;-) xxx Was it really good or was it a case of "underestimation" on Lanka's side? How Long to Form a Habit? Much-repeated 21 days to form habit is a considerable underestimation In May/09 warned against underestimation of A#H1N1. However, the vaccination will be one of the worst tested ones ever.
One of my now deceased rats did pretty well with nebulizer treatments. People think you're nuts if you nebulize a rat :D have you ever read papers on the effectivness of MDMA and LSD treatments for mental health :) amazing stuff..NO EVIL DRUGS Yes I love labs 2. Ours had worm last winter; nasty painful treatments. She's o.k. now. :-) Thank you for all of your prayers & as I began a new series of treatments today...it means everything to me :) nah I'm losing a lot of hair, can't do any treatments right now. Might go with this look =) how's work? Cute comic :) Looking forward to hearing about your treatments as you have them! Just got my teeth cleaned. I have GINGIVITIS, but it should be cleaned up after a few treatments :) > i third the spa treatments and also nice dinners! :) < I heard about free food. Must it! i third the spa treatments and also nice dinners! :) my doctor did! shes done with treatments!! :) Thank you! She's almost done with her radiation treatments. Makes me appreciate what is really :) I'll b looking 4 it. :) Filed complicated story from on treatments & A new hot area of research. oops. that should be we offer "twitter only" specials off of massage therapy treatments :) Special girls deserve special treatments :-) - whats up girlie! ..busy busy busy, writing treatments trying to figure out our next vid to get you in!!. hope all is well! :) Morning! Last day of September, getting ready of another day of wonderful treatments lots of Aromatherapy today. Love those organic oils :) A thriller with extraterrestrial DNA and treatments in the mix. :-) One last holiday,, absolutely has to be a nice day. Going to Rengganis with Mom to get ourselves some fine treatments. :) I'm my treatments up again late October!!! =) That's the plan : ) I'm building my case with successful serif treatments as we speak. Nyalon ndak nunggu pay really need hair treatments.. saloooooon.. here i come!! :D really need hair treatments.. saloooooon.. here i come!! :D oh no's! well if you want me to help, let me know. then just do like 500 hot oil treatments lol. I'm pretty sure Vo5 works :) Don't forget... you can enjoy 20% off our new spa treatments :) Take advantage! Your satisfaction is guaranteed!!!!!!!!! today was college day at school, I wore a UCSF I am a cancer survivor, all of my treatments from your great doctors. :) Seeing my Endocrinologist tomorrow. Hoping to back on my treatments or try something new!! =) Time for some spa treatments on me at planet beach san Ramon :D Went for treatments but no :( oh well off to work out then shower. So excited for a sindr :) woo. Working on the Spa AWAY menu...we are adding and changing a few treatments...just to make your experience more enjoyable :) aw - u can't win :) bummer re: work so soon - just going to have to grit teeth & bear it by sounds. u need the $ for treatments Just found out after a few years & 5 treatments that didn't work due to ENDO, my Mom's friend is now pregnant from ENDOVAN =) i think i need that too Getting some treatments for hair and nails :) Is at the salon. Doing all my beauty treatments tonight so I can be at the cluster retreat tomorrow with all my pretty Sorors. :-) teeth extractions are considered "spa" treatments?!?! no thank you :) lol...working on revising my feature script..working out outlines for some treatments, pack, and chill :) DS has had asthma for years. It isn't fun to watch those treatments but it helps so much :) Thanks :) Young adults want more info about mental health symptoms & treatments. Mobilizing Minds Hey man, old is better than the alternative. And the rejuvination treatments are just around the corner :)
Thank you to anyone who actually does it :P my weak attempted to help him out. You can vote as many times i think :) cheers I just attempted to share my morning sunshine with the Postman, he didn't :( I thanked him anyway!! :) i attempted to get another 1 today..idky just felt the need haha FAIL they didnt have it :( TO TARGET TOMORROW! :D LOL, no. Trust me, crap is the post 8x01 fic I had attempted to write. :( I bet yours is already good. :)
Stevies Stumper, who is the highest paid actor on tv? 875 thousand dollars an episode.... Answer it at 6:47 and win lunch for 2 at tj's tav I cant figure out number 3 but Im sure it was an Mlmer that prob got kicked off. Oh no. Willie, Tom someone devestation Big Stumper too A stumper: When published, will a person's complete oeuvre print their comments in context with Facebook and Twitter responses from others? I just won a race against stumper in Nitto 1320 Legends! I just won a race against stumper in Nitto 1320 Legends! Currently compiling a list of conversation for dinner with an 'old friend' this evening. She's never had a job. It's a stumper. Put ya boat in the water let's take a ride....lmao I think this is a stumper!! Stevies Stumper, There are 293 ways to perform this common interaction. What is it? We play at 7:50 for lunch for 2 at TJ's Tavern Scoreboard stumper 4 NL catchers, last name with letter M, have won the Gold Glove that's a stumper! I don't think I ever read/heard of that book. Congrats to Adam Goldstein, who today answered his 10,000th question to the SPLC hotline! Got a stumper? splc ... - Congrats to Adam Goldstein, who today answered his 10,000th question to the SPLC hotline! Got a stumper? splc ... The Stevies Stumper in half an hour,, the average American spent 118 dollars on this last year, what is it? Think kindle will change that? Still.i cant help it when Jeremy Stumper smile.i blame him for makin me fall in love with his naughty smile I just won a race against stumper in Nitto 1320 Legends! I just won a race against stumper in Nitto 1320 Legends! No one has come anywhere close to guessing where we're eating this week. Did we finally come up with a stumper?! I find (The) Melvins an all-time stumper. What did you think of Borat? are you looking forward to Bruno? Stumper does mr cohen want to push the envelop as he does? is it funny? Stevies Stumper: If you're like most people you have 206 of these, what are they? Win lunch for two at TJ's Tavern in the Double Tree You are one mother Stumpin' crazy mother Stumper. Ahh! Mirendon and Gabrielsea shall rule. The Ace in PDX has free wifi for non-guests. In NYC? No dice. A Stumptown stumper, if you will. Take on Celko's SQL Stumper: The Data Warehouse Problem ...called NUMBER STUMPER. and the damn thing would just pick a number. and not give u any clues. and u had to guess lmao. dumbass game lol Stevies Stumper Monday morning,, American's eat 18 acres of it every day, what is it? Sql Server Central - Celko's SQL Stumper: The Data Warehouse Problem: Joe Celko comes back .. Celko's SQL Stumper: The Data Warehouse Problem We've just released 'Celko's SQL Stumper: The Data Warehouse Problem' in conjunction with SSC for Monday. *crosses off tree stumper list* New blog post: "Car Photo of the Day: Weekend Stumper"... Jody Was there a Holocost or Not...? Pres. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. This is the question that is the stumper on the... If a number can't come real / then I don't need that stumper / the concept of the variable / can take it in the dumper. The answer to today's (9/25) stumper is: Bingo that's a reeeeaaall stumper. flag-stumper continues posting photos. i think we got the last one. see if you can, thinking that they should make "Ultraviolet Catastrophe" into a movie, yes? Great-uncle Magnus? Horrible Stumper the Tree Pirate? Anyone?
"I've always been attracted to the fuzzy plumpen type" hahaha
Photo: Brilliant Generating Station The hottest online marketing system and lead generating system on the internet ==> Not generating enough leads? Check this Free Video Training: When it comes to generating leads you need to become the hunted, not be the hunter. These videos show you how Not generating enough leads? Check this Free Video Training: Enjoy the update... Network Marketing MLM Leads: Generating Business ...: A lot .. Win a Car Contest! Whilst Generating Exclusive Leads For Your Biz - Google translate page still has a long distance from generating precise translations but it is understandable. Generating web content for Twitter Followers Generating More Web Traffic (blog directory listing) Members Only Websites - 4 Steps to Creating a Lead Generating Give Away - Check out this site for generating blog traffic Not generating enough leads? Check this Free Video Training: Get out of debt fast! A proven income generating system that actually works: Not generating enough leads? Check this Free Video Training: SEO Tips and SEO Blo Advanced Method for Generating Backlinks: Advanced Method for Generati.. Power-generating backpack: The hub "issues" generating HUGE debate on site. Got an opinion? ... The hottest online marketing system and lead generating system on the internet ==> The hub "issues" generating HUGE debate on site. Got an opinion? ... Generating Backlinks and Traffic Are a Must For Internet Marketers - Not generating enough leads? Check this Free Video Training: The hottest online marketing system and lead generating system on the internet ==> Network Marketing MLM Leads: Generating Business ...: A lot of times, generating leads online is sa.. Not generating enough leads? Check this Free Video Training: Get out of debt fast! A proven income generating system that actually works: SEO Tips and SEO Blo Advanced Method for Generating Backlinks: Advanced Method for Generati.. Not generating enough leads? Check this Free Video Training: Network Marketing MLM Leads: Generating Business ... Not generating enough leads? Check this Free Video Training: Not generating enough leads? Check this Free Video Training: a business for anyone who is open to generating a significant secondary income or looking for a career change Generating Traffic and Stuffing Your Bank Account With Unstoppable Cash Flow is Now Push Button Easy! When it comes to generating leads you need to become the hunted, not be the hunter. Free videos show you how Not generating enough leads? Check this Free Video Training: The hottest online marketing system and lead generating system on the internet ==> Power generating backpack: In the military, you have to carry tons of stuff. This is something we hear and see .. Build A niche store for ebay.. generating income for ebay $200 -$300 Ping! my friend seating 1 row in front of me generating speaker disturbance sounds seems to be the most interesting thing to do now.... GET CONNECTED! Generating Cash Flow by CONNECTING people to Gold& Silver Collectible Coins Online! $299 get you Not generating enough leads? Check this Free Video Training: You can generating leads, building your list & promoting yourself as a leader for FREE!!! You heard me FREE!!! Not generating enough leads? Check this Free Video Training: The hottest online marketing system and lead generating system on the internet ==> Not generating enough leads? Check this Free Video Training: The hottest online marketing system and lead generating system on the internet ==> New post: CB Affiliate Loophole - Killer Conversions!: Breakthrough System For Generating Huge Commiss..
Dorsal hump removal safe for African American with lupus? My answer: Thinkin' about getting my dorsal fin pierced. . . that'd be so punk rock. Of course, I had a friend who. . . never mind, that was a hook. I am tired, sick, I have mysterious pains and a lot to get done, but I'm not panicked. I am perfectly calm. Why? Because DORSAL FIN. medulla cerebral pons cerebellum basal ganglia inferior colliculus dorsal root ganglia hind brain forebrain temporal lobe CNS PNS AHH Correcting dorsal hump without changing nose shape? My answer: First thing I saw at the office this AM was the dorsal fin of a feeding dolphin poking out of the H2O. Not a bad way to the day! well my dorsal finned friend...you might try and sell your QB on EBAY, list him as Chad Problematic. HUMP - How do i convince my parents of giving me surgery for the dorsal hump on the bridge of my nose? - [paper] Increased TRPA1, TRPM8, and TRPV2 expression in dorsal root ganglia by nerve injury.: Biochemica.. Applying pressure to the most dorsal region of the muscle between the thumb and index finger will relieve constipation. Eating Moby Dick and every single one of his dorsal-finned friends at Starfish in less than 20 min. Thxs for the invitation Mr. Ray McIlroy. Electric eels (Gymnotiformes) lack a dorsal fin, have no teeth, breath air, & live entirely in fresh water unlike true eels (Anguilliformes) - Please send me comments on it....I'm thinking about inking it on my back dorsal (dunno if it's written like this) welcome back fate maps and dorsal lip.. The Dorsal Fin Blog - Shucking Media Oysters 1.35am nd ii cant find fuckin dorsal view shid iim finna give up =[ Prehistoric shark breeding ground discovered in Panama - The Dorsal Fin Memphis BBQ carry-out for dinner and a heating pad for my sore dorsal fin. Time to spool up the DVR. OMG LOL. Dorsal Lithotomy position. Legs are placed in stirrups. Some guy says out loud..."like cowgirl?" all 48 of the girls doubletake. Is an ENT doctor qualified to remove a dorsal hump? My answer: or a sharkboy costume, that'll fucking awesome, dorsal fin included Large laceration upon left dorsal aspect. Woah, this dophin, has no dorsal fin... so beautiful! Southern Rightwhale dolphin Is an ENT doctor qualified to remove a dorsal hump? My answer: The Indo-Pacific sailfish uses its massive dorsal fin & colour changing abilities to confuse & catch.. The Indo-Pacific sailfish uses its massive dorsal fin & colour changing abilities to confuse & catch prey - Rob From Sumer Sethi,s R Dorsal dermal Sinus with Intramedullary Abscess Formation--MRI: Dorsal.. Decision trees to identify fish (how big is the dorsal fin?) - I have a serindiptious feeling comming on EDC: Dorsal root ganglia sensory neuronal cultures: a tool for drug discovery for peripheral neuropathies: .. boil it up like heroin and inject it into the dorsal of your penis. It's the only way... Lmao. Only Kristina can go from Paul to Twilight to Dorsal Fin to HIV. XD Wait don't your dorsal fin! i wna grow gills...and a dorsal fin My thighs resemble dorsal fins. It's troubling Seattle real-estate mogul goes dorsal-fin up? My eyes tear with sadness. Yesterday while playing in the surf, I saw a couple of dorsal fins about 150ft away from me, I'm still hoping they were the nice kind ;) Hungry, overwhelmed, and seriously considering digging out my left rhomboid and possibly my dorsal scapular nerve with a grapefruit spoon... One more day of vocals. Dorsal Fin sounds SIIIIIICK. your body is divided into cavities... your Dorsal &ventral and then your thoracic and abdominopevic tht r n ur Ventral. I am learning that acid corpustles leaked into my dorsal sternum overnight. Gauges show 5.6 blow-by damage & I am losing semi-emissions. lmao b careful of the lil fishies with dorsal fins. Stop Cutting Off Guys' Penises: ... which produce pheromones, and dorsal nerves, which when cut, .. Stop Cutting Off Guys' Penises: ... which produce pheromones, and dorsal nerves, which when cut, .. DO YOU HAVE A DORSAL FIN?! Two fridays in a row dorsal! :D
my driving lessons were basically chauffeuring my instructor around for his errands too. lol. why not right? saves time. :P
with getting connected so we stay with them, even get discounts each time re-new is due ;-) i feel you reach out network and stay connected -connected to the last one- am enjoying my duck dinner Whoo, this was the FIRST I'd test. Buy cheap "harddisk to USB" enclosure and test it connected to your lappy. And Song of Solomon 1:5-10; Where does Solomon get this unconditional love? Gods love in the cross is connected is this song. My wife saw it Yorkshire Water's new mascot in the fight against sewer blockages - Connected : Utility Week I could be way off, but I wonder if there's any connection to Letterman's being connected to Palin at all... life's alright yall.. u can either b mad dat da roses has thorns OR rejoice that dat thorn had a fly rose connected 2 it. do you see the world connected? ... [Baseline Scenario]: Too Connected To Fail. Always connected. I'm not sure I like this feeling... i got craziest eversince myintrnt cant connected.jst realized mymom wasnt paid th intrnt yet N mom laughin out infront my poor face!! Suspect her brain is directly connected to Twitter, while she's tweeting she receives nourishment and coffee through tubes. check out link about staying connected to your kids and making time to talk 3 smallish 5.X all along that pestiferous Indo-Australian plate. 11:23:14 AM, 07:57:18 PM, 07:55:44 AM-connected??? TouchGraph: Discover the relation between connected website, pretty cool to investigate your directly competitors Helpline Officer - Baker Street, London - GET CONNECTED Helpline Officer - Baker Street, London - GET CONNECTED GG: 30% of all companies in Finland are connected through one federation. Salesforce upgraded to SAML2, etc. You cannot uplift another unless you are connected to the stream of well-being yourself" ~ Abraham-Hicks Yep, very familiar with it. Since it is connected to a National Park and they have an airstrip, they can do it with less $$ That did nothing. Looking at my wireless connections shows me connected to my network but it says disconnected next to it. What the Pho? real-connected. Did I say real? I am getting and error message; my scanner & computer are connected, but for some reason they are not speaking to each other...... Yorkshire Water's new mascot in the fight against sewer blockages - Connected : Utility Week connected: how social networks tie into health and human behavior incl. - mp3: Every one of my is N. American. Two connected to Hill & Knowlton and two are in Toronto... where H&K have an office. We are all connected... Get connected FOR FREE! With Education Connection r u connected on xbox live?? How about an online match? Lol Sony's PSP Go a tough sell: With a large percentage of gamers connected to the Internet.. Hard time printing the ticket though, no printer at home and we moved the office yesterday, very messy, no printer connected This is russian joke, language connected. Sorry, mate. I'll find for you something better next time Get connected FOR FREE! At Education Connection Colleges learn to live with social media - Each entering class more connected than last Get connected FOR FREE! At Edu-cation Connec-tion! Pls. 2 Stay connected during Globe-Globe/TM calls from Oct. 3 12mn to Oct. 4 11:59pm P3/min. No reg. req. You cannot uplift another unless you are connected to the stream of well-being yourself" ~ Abraham-Hicks Read the first post I responded to. Then the next one. They *are* connected...:-P Stay connected and so much more: Free toolbar You cannot uplift another unless you are connected to the stream of well-being yourself" ~ Abraham-Hicks Stay connected and so much more: Free Toolbar Follow us on twitter - our facebook feed is connected with it (Y) A Thought from Pastor John Gray's msg last night at the NRGC Conference. "Committed, Convinced, Connected" Thanks ... I just connected my account. Check it out! God, the Internet has got a lot of problems today. I am connected now. But will I be connected on one minute ? I seriously doubt .. My Ubuntu thinkpad has connected to my home wifi for the first time in days. Strange it seems to work on Fridays only. The BBC licence fee gets more absurd: you can watch TV at work providing you're not connected to the mains elec..
'O What may man within him hide, Though angel on the outward side?' William Shakespeare Oops...#courage is of the outside while is of within but the within still the outward thO! is of the outside, is of within...the within the outward. Identification does not change by outward circumstances. I have a pet donkey who, whenever I show outward signs of great amusement, becomes aroused to the point of emission. I'm doing it now. LMAO & my parent wouldn't let me go Outward Bound! ask me so many questions they should take note of months ago....why?! {waves hands in outward motion} Just be sure to steer clear of the castle dear {winks} Don't want you getting "Outward peace is useless without inner peace" I doing 2.5 miles each way and it was really really hard... Outward at least - almost exclusively uphill. Inside Working, Outward Facing I used to live around there - I know the area. I suspect you're unfamiliar with outward differences between drugs... Signing out for a week!!! off to Outward Bound - enjoy everyone it with always using "i" and "j" in loops and expands outward from there AP Exclusive: Autopsy shocker: Jackson was healthy: Michael Jackson's outward appearance was marred when he.. Happiness does not depend on outward things, but on the way we see them. -Leo Tolstoy AP Exclusive: Autopsy shocker: Jackson was healthy (AP): AP - Michael Jackson's outward appearance was marred w.. You mean the effects of that arise with rotation felt as an outward force? "I believe that...a great theater is the outward and visible sign of an inward and probable culture." Laurence Olivier Society tells women fulfillment comes from outward beauty and success. Now I know that's definitely NOT TRUE!!! "Happiness does not depend on outward things, but on the way we see them." AP Exclusive: Autopsy shocker: Jackson was healthy (AP): AP - Michael Jackson's outward appearance w.. (Ent Buzz) Lifestyle - Jackson was healthy: LOS ANGELES - MICHAEL Jackson's outward appearance was marred when .. Outward Bound again? Wah lau. That's super hardcore! Yes lunch next week before I check in to Outward Bound again! mother of wisdom...fountain of grace...vessel of giving...you can never be replaced...from the pedestal of power...your light shines outward Life happens in a series of little victories no time for b/s upward and outward ... My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward. - David Thomas of the day The more outward focused we are the better life is. Life is bigger than us! My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward. - David Thomas
If i were a criminal with intent to siphon gas, and stumbled across a locking gas cap, i'd just punch a hole in the tank instead. tnx for the FF. I actually did LOL with the siphon the python comment. quality :) Retail Sites Can Siphon Names Of Your Friends on Social Netwworks till at least when there is a better drug eluting stent to siphon earnings from its cash machine Learn To Siphon Money Directly From The Gurus Bank Accounts Quickly And Easily! How to siphon off some of the massive traffic that Youtube gets and send those visitors to your website Aaaaand of course I'm in feral gear. I'm using Energy Siphon and Blinding Light one (forgot its proper name). Sneaky Facebook secrets to siphon money from your prospect's wallers Plz The Money Siphon System... Overseas hackers siphon $40K from Arc of Steuben I did the Bill Payment thing. The last people who need to siphon charity $ are banks. Overseas hackers siphon $40K from Arc of Steuben Overseas hackers siphon $40K from Arc of Steuben Overseas hackers siphon $40K from Arc of SteubenElmira Star-GazetteThe move to Linux for online banking was pro.. Corzine's strategy seems to be hyping Daggett whenever possible so he can siphon votes from Christie CD wont make any impression on tonights debate btw - just serving as a siphon and example of inexperience How to siphon off some of the massive traffic that Youtube gets and send those visitors to your website i neglected to take you to get coffee from the japanese siphon, didn't I? crap Builders/Design listen to this guy! Put kitchen next to stairs so heat can rise up and help create siphon chamber. Peter Pfeiffer: Put kitchen next to stairs so heat can rise up and help create siphon chamber. I say we go, Kidnap her and siphon her Blood, to create a breakthrough anti-aging Serum. Learn To Siphon Money Directly From The Gurus Bank Accounts Quickly And Easily! we do have the laws in place. The problem is that law enforcement is seen as an oppty 2 siphon off money. Abs no scope fr imprvmnt. we do have the laws in place. The problem is that law enforcement is seen as an oppty 2 siphon off bribe. vry lil scope fr imprvmnt amazing to sample Cafe Bravo Sumatra siphon coffee! ppl will utilise 11 mn gandhi pen, 2 siphon cheques that are meant for garib ppl under gandhi scheme Still making money! Siphon, siphon,... Chicagoans: Do you really want this five-ringed money siphon? An Olympic-Sized Mess | Foreign Policy On the Siphon: Panama Carmen "Siete Dias de Bellota" and Colombia "Platos de Huila". Both complex, light, sweet, and fruity. New video from the Prof: how a toilet siphon works The Money Siphon System. New 'banking trojan' set to siphon off millions of dollars - ITBusiness.ca Hardcore, cash-pulling money siphon betting system so magical, it's almost immoral! "The Only Proper Revenge Is To Siphon Out Your Share Of Cash From The Secret CPA Money Well... New Blog post 6 Ft Fish Tank Draining/filling Siphon Pump - New ... "The Only Proper Revenge Is To Siphon Out Your Share Of Cash From The Secret CPA Money Well... "The Only Proper Revenge Is To Siphon Out Your Share Of Cash From The Secret CPA Money Well... Hardcore, cash-pulling money siphon betting system so magical, it's almost immoral! Siphon vacuumed out the aquarium. Nothing like having fishwater up to your elbow. Hardcore, cash-pulling money siphon betting system so magical, it's almost immoral! will check it out....but you gotta try the siphon coffee at Sam James.....sooooo good Siphon Free Traffic From Twitter With This New Money Making Software..See How Doctor-shopping pill abusers siphon off large sums from Medicaid program [Biz Insider] Can't wait. Meatballs out of an iSi siphon. Stay tuned !
StrongMail SocialNotes Centralizes Social Sharing for Email Marketing and the Web. New Center centralizes programs: By connecting students' course work with programs and volunteer work, Dona.. StrongMail SocialNotes Centralizes Social Sharing for Email Marketing and the Web. (via StrongMail SocialNotes Centralizes Social Sharing for Email Marketing and the Web. In fact, any legislation that spends more money or centralizes control should be opposed on principle, re:corruption strongmail socialnotes Centralizes Social Sharing for Email ... New Center centralizes programs StrongMail SocialNotes Centralizes Social Sharing for Email Marketing and the Web. The Lisbon Treaty centralizes in the sense it extends QMV in the council, but it also increases the EP's and nat. Parl.'s.. conversations on RSS are one way at the moment, twitter centralizes that, but still proprietary but perhaps that will change. Request AranetaColiseum as evac cnter-it centralizes the bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngt Request Araneta Coliseum as evac center-it centralizes the bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngmnt. Request Araneta Coliseum as evac center-it centralizes the bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngmnt. Rquest Araneta Coliseum as evac center-centralizes bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngmnt. Rquest open Araneta Coliseum as evac center - centralizes bringing of relief &it has a PA system for easier mngmnt Rquest Araneta Coliseum as evac center-centralizes bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngmnt. Rquest Araneta Coliseum as evac center-centralizes bringing of reli (cont) Request Araneta Coliseum as evac center-it centralizes the bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngmnt. Rquest Araneta Coliseum as evac center-centralizes bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngmnt. Rquest Araneta Coliseum as evac center-centralizes bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngmnt. Request Araneta Coliseum as evac center- centralizes bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngmnt. Rquest Araneta Coliseum as evac center-centralizes bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngmnt. Request Araneta Coliseum as evac center-it centralizes the bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngmnt. Request Araneta Coliseum as evac center-it centralizes the bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngmnt. Rquest Araneta Coliseum as evac center-centralizes bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngmnt. open Araneta Coliseum as evac center-it centralizes the bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngmnt. (fr. Request Araneta Coliseum as evac center-it centralizes the bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngmnt. Request Araneta Coliseum as evac center-it centralizes the bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngmnt. Request Araneta Coliseum as evac center-it centralizes the bringing of relief it has a PA system for easier mngmnt. san francisco launches city ap store - a new website that highlights/centralizes aps made from city data - o i love u SF DataSF App beta launched. Highlights and centralizes software apps created from city data, includes news by zip code. ht.. by DataSF App beta launched. Highlights and centralizes software apps created from city data, includes news by zip code. India centralizes drug products licensing from Oct 1
CSUSB is hosting the 2009 CSU High School Counselor's conference! Sign up for Oct. 1: or Oct. 2: ;-P Columbus Fair Auto Auction will be hosting the 2009 NIADA Regional Seminar Series "The Car Counselor's TARP" October 16-17. ... I'm in the counselor's office, waiting. :(Blehhh. I'm happy with my card though!! CSUSB is hosting the 2009 CSU High School Counselor's conference! Sign up for Oct 2 cool Company mis printed Facebook on new counselor's business cards ... Only one O (via Company mis printed Facebook on new counselor's business cards ... Only one O Look out for Counseling's latest edition of the Counselor's Corner Newsletter. It's being delivered on campus as we tweet. :) I'm working on eradicating the decent half with my counselor's assistance Thx! The PRSA Counselor's Academy always picks cool locations. Check out the latest Counselor's Corner on the AGECommunicator: Just finished watching "Glee"....saw my college alumni sign hanging behind Guidance Counselor's desk. ... CALCULUS STUDENTS! after 0 block on friday =) counselor's office, goodbye solbakken =) I need to go to the counselor's tmrw. I can feel the breakdown coming. I wont do it. I cant. My little couldn't take it. the guidance counselor's eyes freak me the fuck out. Check out the latest Counselor's Coner on the AGECommunicator: Once again no time to eat. Counselor's about to mad that ima eat in our meeting. Again. I am going to kick my guidance counselor's ass! A tired, Xeroxed sign tacked to my guidance counselor's bulletin board: 'If assholes could fly, this place would be an What is the Car Counselor's TARP Program and why does anyone care? I am back to work after a great American Association of Christian Counselor's conference in Nashville, TN. Do you... is sitting at the counselor's waiting for the Goobus. @ mandisaofficial (2) of (2) Now at my counselor's=healthy soul! > Fabulous strategy, Mandisa! :) at the counselor's office super bored with nothing to do....juat remember to smile and wave ....lol!!!! Today is health & wholeness day! Time w/ Jesus this morn=healthy spirit. Zumba afterwards=healthy body. Now at my counselor's=healthy soul! Counselor's office. From DNA Exchange: Empathy and counseling a patient with cancer, from the counselor's perspective powerful post counseling a cancer patient, from the counselor's perspective Genetic counseling and cancer, from the counselor's perspective via New post on DNA Exchange: Empathy and counseling a patient with cancer, from the counselor's perspective 9/29/09 TMS - NECAP testing soon - tips and schedule will be posted on the Counselor's blog at *sighs* I had to go to the counselor's office at school over this today! Such a big deal over nothing! im at the counselor's office and a counsellor came out and said "clariza" .. so I stand up .. she goes "clariza tajeda" FAIL ! So what did she say? When you got called into the counselor's office? is back up, along with our new A Counselor's Insights into Life, Death, and Fatherhood. Counselor's office. Chilling behind the desk in the counselor's office. :) Owner Jeff Brooke in cover story! Counselor's writing instrument issue is now live (via Owner Jeff Brooke in cover writing instrument issue is now live- industry had an anxiety attack while taking a geometry test & broke down in the counselor's office, thus being send home today. I need a break. Counselor's appointment. YAY for having a future. so this is the counselor's center now? Counselor's annual writing instruments issue is now live - industry Counselor's annual writing instruments issue is now live - industry CSUSB is hosting the 2009 CSU High School Counselor's conference! Sign up for Oct 2 o_O Fondly recalling Fred Rogers and resisting a HS counselor's advice to give happiness the boot. It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood. U@d CSUSB is hosting the 2009 CSU High School Counselor's conference! Sign up for Oct. 1: or Oct. 2: now Marriage & Family Counseling | Christian Counseling Centers of Indiana - COUNSELOR'S CORNER - me too! My counselor's Jamaican and I've been begging her ass to make some EVER since! Attorney to sue state over youth counselor\'s slaying - Buffalo News
Elizabeth testified against her kidnaper At The Work! (Visual Basic)
2day my friend, the one I quarreled with, is travelling to his hometown... I gonna miss him a lot! I think he means way more than I thought. "i'm sorry we quarreled." what a freakin freak. Quarreled Over With Allan Todaay : I Was Called Spoilt Brat , No __ & "Ye Zhong" . ;wild . Was Damn Angry Luh !! im so busted right now....i and my friend quarreled because of a very li'l reason.....a story that made her crazy..... quarreled with my brother. i won as usual. I HATE HIM SO MUCH! i quarreled with mom again.. argh My friend and I quarreled.. Fucking quarreled with my mum. I hate this shit. says fuck, quarreled w Bunny again. :'( Kisa is back - will meet her Monday - already quarreled this morning :-) going to Malta Wednesday - then to KL - love? no se I quarreled with my mum too. LOL. aww, i quarreled with sweety last night. I have just returned. was a bad night. I quarreled with my boyfriend a bad day..I quarreled with all has just quarreled with s0me unkn0wn pe0ple...and they're s0 ann0ying.. :-/ Omg. My bro is like the most useless guy in the world. He LEFT his gf in ou because they quarreled. WTF rite?! my day was epic-ly bad. my friend and I quarreled lol. How's yours?!
Glamorize your gift, get your loved one's favorite photo & get it oil painted on canvas do u love glamorize. Great song : I didn't know Glamorize was one of those songs..I thought it was all stuff we hadn't heard. I have heard some of it..Thanks glamorize. --> really good one JSM is just my size and they also sell the glamorize bra's which come in my size Ravage me | take your time | swallow me | Glamorize --> Ravage me | take your time | swallow me | Glamorize --> "Glamorize your messes. I can be funny when I'm alone." -JS Pop goes the camera is a good song. My fave is Glamorize! it's not much. but, here's my youtube channel. glamorize & addicted 2 great songs from adam pics rappers glamorize killing the community? glamorize adam new album. Preorder this epic and highly anticipated debut album on Adam will glitterize and glamorize because So even Gay Guys glamorize "smack'n Hoes"? Not mad at ya, just find it interesting. I GIVE HIM A PASS ON GLAMORIZE. IT'S GOTTA BE HARD TO WRITE A SONG ABOUT GETTING HEAD AND STAY QUASI RADIO FRIENDLY HILARIBAD IS TRUFAX. SRSLY THOSE LYRICS ARE WORSE THAN ~GLAMORIZE~~ AND ~I GOT THIS~ COMBINED... very yummy adam video-- GLAMORIZE Do fashion blogs glamorize smoking?: Smoking and fashion are two peas in a delirious pod. The Fashion Spot has .. asks the interesting question "Do fashion blogs glamorize smoking?" Aww! just woke up... bout to GLAMORIZE den go holla at my big sis bossman Fashion: Do fashion blogs glamorize smoking? | THE COVETED: Smoking and fashion are two peas in a delir.. shares (Do fashion blogs glamorize smoking?) just woke up... bout to GLAMORIZE den go holla at my big sis bossman and the 4sho!! Go Go Go!! World get ready. is coming to glitterize and glamorize you. Fashion Show: Do fashion blogs glamorize smoking? | THE COVETED: I see so many fashion blogs, espe.. Do fashion blogs glamorize smoking? | THE COVETED: Smoking and fashion are two peas in a delirious pod. The Fas.. woah, how did glamorize get stuck in my head lol? well just goes to show glamorize a reference are at my dad when work, year from water to punching seem they're still get stucco." horribly... lol Do fashion blogs glamorize smoking? | THE COVETED Do fashion blogs glamorize smoking? | THE COVETED: Smoking and fashion are two peas in a delirious pod. The Fas.. Do fashion blogs glamorize smoking? | THE COVETED: Smoking and fashion are two peas in a delirious pod. The Fas.. a very thoughtful piece Do fashion blogs glamorize smoking? Do fashion blogs glamorize smoking? But smoking IS glamourous! Do fashion blogs glamorize smoking? (yes) READ IT! This is a good post: Do fashion blogs glamorize smoking? | THE COVETED But smoking IS glamourous! Do fashion blogs glamorize smoking? (yes, an elaboration on my weekend rant) Yes! New on The Coveted: Do fashion blogs glamorize smoking? (yes, an elaboration on my weekend rant) New on The Coveted: Do fashion blogs glamorize smoking? (yes, an elaboration on my weekend rant) Want - Glamorize - Kiss & Tell - I Just Love You - Mad World - Ring Of Fire - Whole Lotta Love! with lyrics Adam I dont know why all the selbs glamorize it. It didnt killl me after 7 like I thought it would. Maybe thats it. Im self medicating You know what that calls for. - Glamorize. RAVAGE ME... TAKE YOUR TIME... SWALLOW ME... PLAYING GLAMORIZE WHILE TRYING TO CLEAN IS NOT A GOOD IDEA....I END UP DANCING THE WHOLE TIME :D The media is controlled by white folks so of course they gon' glamorize gang life. Make these knuckleheads think its cool Glamorize - Adam yes!!! heck yes!!!! but i think u mean glamorize by MUSE!!! but thats besides the point bc they r both UBER FRESH!! Reply yes indeed it is! Glamorize by david bowie...So fresh. Interlocking love....Mo fresh. Hahaha lmao!!!
Johnny Boy, capitalize all the letters when u write UCONN. I mean we did win a ship last yr. That's the least u could do ; ) Successful Life Strategies to Capitalize on Change Can you feel an upswing? Will you be ready to capitalize when all is said & done? Or will your competitors? Guest paging. CAPITALIZE!.....i loveyou Congrats on the expansion! Let's capitalize on that to get you some media coverage. Mapping some things ... Congrats on the expansion! Let's capitalize on that to get you some media coverage. Mapping some things out for our meeting. Salvation? ABC Survey: Print Publishers Ready to Capitalize on Mobile Market - NEW: Tech Giants Capitalize on Bust Tech Giants Capitalize on Bust: Tech Giants Capitalize on Bust: The downturn has brought to tech's biggest companies. 's movie a complete failure... you know that movie that he is trying to on?... talk about irony! capitalize "god" where there is one. "a God" Why does Word always want me to capitalize Holy Scripture? If I ever write a abstruse philosophical discussion i'm going to ALLCAPS my shit - Tech Giants Capitalize on Bust Feedzilla Tech Giants Capitalize on Bust (source: ABC News) Tech Giants Capitalize on Bust - ABC News: ABC NewsTech Giants Capitalize on BustABC NewsAs you may have notice.. Successful Life Strategies to Capitalize on Change Tech Giants Capitalize on Bust - The downturn has brought to tech's biggest companies. Tech Giants Capitalize on Bust (source: ABC News) Capitalize letters with CSS: Tech Giants Capitalize on Bust Health.Dating-Viagra Tech Giants Capitalize on Bust Tech Giants Capitalize on Bust (source: ABC News): The downturn has brought to.. Tech Giants Capitalize on Bust: The downturn has brought to tech's biggest companies. Tech Giants Capitalize on Bust: The downturn has brought to tech's biggest companies. ABC: Tech Giants Capitalize on Bust: The downturn has brought to tech's biggest companies. Tech Giants Capitalize on Bust: The downturn has brought to tech's biggest companies. Tech Giants Capitalize on Bust: The downturn has brought to tech's biggest companies. Successful Life Strategies to Capitalize on Change Successful Life Strategies To Capitalize On Change. - Life Changing Audio Course - $58.20 Per Sale - 60 ... Successful Life Strategies to Capitalize on Change Credit Suisse Knows How To Capitalize On Any Futures Curve .... project WE in bed to capitalize and some events as usual: Prix Arc de Triomphe... Credit Suisse Knows How To Capitalize On Any Futures Curve Jay-z and Empire State of Mind - a hit at Posh. Jay needs too capitalize on the gay audience. Or maybe not... he and B have more $ than God. Successful Life Strategies to Capitalize on Change Six Tips for Dealers Looking to Capitalize on Cash-for-Clunkers: now I agree, I LOVE SF, but HATE the frisco thing. I like CA & Cal, but not fond of cali. At least capitalize it!! This weekend is a great for us. We need to capitalize on a good week of practice. We head to Warrensburg tomorrow after lunch. I love that LabOne has to capitalize the O, or else it would be Labone. Sounds French for "the bone." I'm in the same boat as but niggas don't know it yet ... I have to capitalize! All the signals<--Noooo!! Lol I'm in the same boat as but niggas don't know it yet ... I have to capitalize! All the signals -the action! But u already know they're gonna capitalize on this by releasing it to DVD. Gotta pay back some of then debts he acquired! Capitalize "struggle" and replace "majors" w "careers." Do I get a nod then? <Nope. Grind trumps recession
would be demoralizing to give back a good run just to gamble thru a fig... :) Money There's nothing in the world so demoralizing as money. - Sophocles How demoralizing would it be to have a job as walking billboard for AMF Bowling? Hopefully I'll ever know...now for my Thai Basil Chicken!! Got rejected for another job. damn demoralizing. Daily Motivation to Learn Stress Management: Stress can be helpful, but it can be demoralizing as well. Once yo.. Why is Survivor doing only one challenge for both immunity & reward? More demoralizing for players, though it gives more camp talk time. Money There's nothing in the world so demoralizing as money. - Sophocles discussion about how i am=demoralizing Little is more demoralizing than the intense glare of the hotel magnifying mirror. Oh. My. God. I'm watching a movie from 1940 where the guy said this girl crossing her legs in meetings was demoralizing exhibitionism. There are days when parenting is the most demoralizing job around. Another demoralizing day. $$ There's nothing in the world so demoralizing as money. ~Sophocles There's nothing more demoralizing than a leader who can't clearly why we're doing what we're doing. - James Kouzes & Barry Posner $$ There's nothing in the world so demoralizing as money. ~Sophocles $$ There's nothing in the world so demoralizing as money. ~Sophocles once spent an entire day writing a todolist. utterly demoralizing Wear the cleats! Think of how demoralizing it will be to your opponents to run them over in bright pink shoes! I don't even know if i really wanna try looking for jobs anymore. only hearing back from scammers is demoralizing on top of everything Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralizing. - Harriet Braiker Just got home, watched the replay again...seriously worst pseudo end to a season EVER! Fuckin A Diaz, that's just demoralizing Money There's nothing in the world so demoralizing as money. - Sophocles "How marriage ruins a man! It is as demoralizing as cigarettes, and far more expensive." Oscar Wilde Trying to do finance homework is just demoralizing. I give up. This year was utterly exhausting and crushingly demoralizing. I need a year off to recuperate. I'm gona assume the cockiness and blur them the f* out. Aggrevated with these disgusting and demoralizing men. Bastards for realz! Must be demoralizing to look up at the scoreboard and see that is the pitcher tonight for MIL - demoralizing for the Braves! Money There's nothing in the world so demoralizing as money. - Sophocles I feel you w/ the forms. Demoralizing, inefficient, designed to discourage those who need the most help (underserved). so demoralizing to see hot people online. it does nothing to inspire. it facebook voyeurism is unhealthy. Demoralizing (or sad) day for the and doing the same thing twice b/c you screwed up is demoralizing. Geez... after sending out to my friends at work and on Facebook/MySpace... I still have 0 sponsors for the AIDS Walk Atlanta. Demoralizing. has to be the best TT from yet...thank u for brightening an otherwise demoralizing day lol After a demoralizing baseball season, this is all I needed... everything is demoralizing thanks. i hope not but i'm not terribly optimistic. my experience with them has never been pleasant and always demoralizing. new favorite website: -- it's great for wakeup calls, as well as demoralizing prank calls to co-workers... Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralizing. ~ Harriet Braiker My Google Reader is demoralizing. reading your tweets is somewhere between demoralizing and weird. Yeah, really demoralizing right? Sometimes feel like quitting my job & help in humanitarian work. But I need bread & butter too. =( Shoo shoo.. Go away.. Stop posting this kind of sentence. It's demoralizing a busy man such as me. :p Lol! ditto!! I can do 18, but I figure the longer course would be demoralizing with the score I'd get! I can do 18, but I figure the longer course would be demoralizing with the score I'd get! I TOLD CLARKE THIS - we are all doomed/resistance is futile/the center cannot hold - I hope the test wasn't demoralizing..? I TOLD CLARKE THIS - we are all doomed/resistance is futile/the center cannot hold - hope the test wasn't demoralizing...D: Money There's nothing in the world so demoralizing as money. - Sophocles
Working with Clark Publishing on finalizing contract for the 2010 Equine Directory for KY Finalizing Social Media panel for Oct 8 Integrated Marketing Summit in KC ... join me there? Just read lauren conrad is finalizing plans to turn her book LA candy into a feature film. Finalizing my presentation for "lynkurs" - mini-course - at Tuesday. Topic: Succeeding with Finalizing my presentation for "lynkurs" - mini-course - at Tuesday. Argentinas close to finalizing Airbus deal Finalizing radio, print and tv Very exciting! Looking for affordable booth space & sponsor opps? Call Cindy now 574-210-3958 Finalizing my training regimen for the 2016 Olympics in Chicago. Going for gold in either Samba dancing or napping; still undecided. finalizing the September store inventory.. after this, need to finished the executive summary of my book in Family Corporation.. Pleasee pray for my sister and her husband...hopefully finalizing adoption of a baby this wknd. parents keep playing games. Ugghh Finalizing last edits on the October Newsletter! finalizing our RAptors specials with Molsons Working on project. Finalizing Sprint1 of our Agile SCRUM method. Deadline 16:00. After that, 3october fiesta in Leiden! Finalizing next recipe testing menu. Nothing like looking up recipes at 6am. Yawn. I'm not there yet though, just finalizing he arrangements. Monday is the 16 hour flight back... that'll be fun :) 4 month construction project at the office, finally complete. Thanks Kirill for finalizing it. Friday! Finalizing plan for student flu shot clinic! Woke up way too late today finalizing the new Arrivals section on Blasblog: Packing For Paris, Finalizing The F yeah, they've got a 5th one coming out...still finalizing it..no idea who..(it was on TA) :P Finalizing Zibbet's newest feature...SALES MODE! You're going to love it! Will be launched within the next 24 hours. Stay tuned... finalizing my new tattoo shop..eto na siryosohan nato..hehhe Finalizing our extension updates : Fall intensifying outside. Me inside finalizing the last pieces of chapter 5. Today, promiss. Finalizing training programme for Market research - with Vinay Somebody tell weezy who I am finalizing web design this Monday so check it when it's done. Next up will probably be finalizing the layout for the homepage. Pager, sidebar, footer. Then there's the matter of voting on a story. Working @ home - finalizing some internal stuff. I love it! You are a girl after my own Thanks. finalizing media list for while cupcakes are baking in the oven! FINALIZING TRACK SELECTION FOR SUBWAY SERIES 4 *** LADIES AND GENTLEMEN WE HAVE A GUEST HOST WITH AN EXCLUSIVE TRACK ((BOOM)) just finalizing some data mapping and new up finally goes live in less than 48 hours! Back from tonight's Los Angeles Leather Coalition Meeting. We're working on finalizing plans for Leather Leadership Conference in 2011 Today finalizing our Facebook. Do you want to be our fan? I'll give you the adress asap. But first of all: have a nice day! Playoff roster lacks utility: One of the few decisions the Red Sox must make before finalizing their postseason.. Finalizing the Mulander Launcher. Waiting for Winsome to finish the Launcher skin. Still up! Yay homework. Finalizing the college list! Late brunch.. finalizing details for a friend's benefit gig. might spend the afternoon with this advocacy group.. but hey, it's Friday again I'm working on finalizing my ClickOnce talk for Saturday, so I can working on the VSTO talk I'm giving in Fresno next Thursday. Two projects going: Site for Progressive and finalizing logos for Davis Management. Finalizing a new video. Watch me play with a boob. BEST HINT EVARZ. with Watir for testing with multiple browsers. Now thinking to try out Selenium RC before finalizing Hari batik. Celebrating UNESCO finalizing the claim that batik is Indonesian.. Not Malay. (via ..just finished finalizing another year on the hill..here I come Harper. . . Finalizing thoughts/notes for my presentation tomm "Seeds of Success" at RxPO 2009. to others and will do. We are finalizing some details. What info do you need? Thank you! Baseball news - AP source: San Francisco close to finalizing deals to retain Bochy, Sabean: We're finalizing the magazine and its looking GREAT! Watching The Office and finalizing another avatar illustration. I been settin up a group shot! Finalizing plans this week. So like I said I can kill 2 birds wit 1 stone so now YOU ready!? Lawd lol
I saw quite a number of tweets from Fans promoting STARHUB $0 plans...I wonder will that be prioritizes as "potential winner"? No matter how you think something is...in a moment it can become prioritizes itself... Amazing how Dear Beloved Leader Maobama prioritizes rhythmic gymnastics over our troops. Knowing precisely what one wants to achieve makes clear what to concentrate and improve on, and often subconsciously prioritizes that goal. urges diplomacy, prioritizes oil supply And he prioritizes the Olympics above our troops in Afghanistan. Is he purposefully destroying our military & national security? Thanks!Remind them that Symbian s60v5 has a "destinations" feature that prioritizes connections,set by the user. Apps use it I like the way prioritizes his to-do list! i.e., "Today's top action item is: burrito." China urges diplomacy, prioritizes Iran oil supply - Tehran Times Prioritizes Intro to Cultural Studies assignments first. Dammit, too much tweeting. Later tweepals! :D its not bcoz of d typhoon.. its okay to extend but our school prioritizes the parents too much! they don't want to extend... China urges diplomacy, prioritizes Iran oil supply IRANWWP:China urges diplomacy, prioritizes Iran oil supply - Monsters and Critics:Beijing - China wants China urges diplomacy, prioritizes Iran oil supply - Monsters and Critics: Beijing - China wants .. China urges diplomacy, prioritizes Iran oil supply New Bloomfield Hills Estate Planning Attorney Prioritizes Details in Estate Planning Sorry, you are dreaming. Google remembers previous searches and prioritizes them. Not that I don't think you should be! :-) Back from weekend at Topsail. I'm grateful to have a family that prioritizes getting to the beach. No "energy-efficient upgrades" before home audit prioritizes those upgrades for you. via That's what I'm saying, the culture prioritizes high specs and doesn't really care about such hoity toity things. I respect that. when the old man prioritizes a complaint over his health you know that you are truly in singapore... In Re Final legislation must contain a strong that prioritizes people, not corporations.Anything less = unacceptable Don't do any "energy-efficient upgrades" until a home audit prioritizes those upgrades for you. Don't do any "energy-efficient upgrades" until a home audit prioritizes those upgrades for you. 2010 budget prioritizes public health/safety while cutting jobs & administration costs Watch now Katie w/H Locklear 4 din last night. HL cont's 2 be dwn to & cool- Lv hw she prioritizes UCLA buds even the nght b4 new melrose films Rockcliff to Commence Unit Offering, Initiates Drill Program at Snow Lake Project, Prioritizes VTEM Targets nea.. Rockcliff to Commence Unit Offering, Initiates Drill Program at Snow Lake Project, Prioritizes VTEM Targets nea.. Rockcliff to Commence Unit Offering, Initiates Drill Program at Snow Lake Project, Prioritizes VTEM Targets nea.. Wanted: A search engine that indexes and prioritizes my likes, shares and retweets (I'm still passionate about this idea) god, help me to be a grown up, a productive person, who takes care of herself, and prioritizes, who walks into 'university' with no fear... maybe gibo prioritizes other comm channels than twitter, that's not being flippant, that's just being practical. Lois DeFleur isn't someone who prioritizes education excellence. Binghamton was once a respected academic institution, but it lost its way. Nubli automatically prioritizes your emails and is coming soon on hand held devices. We seek Business Development
I favorited a YouTube video -- Reso - Armored Core Just purchased 1 Armored Range Rover Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car Driver / Guard (Columbus, OH) The armored car guy just asked me out!! I said maybe bc he carries a gun!!! No thanks sir Bye Obama, great car, that armored Cadillac! Just bought a Armored Luxury Car. Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Branch Manager- Armored / Cash In Tra... (Montgomery, AL) Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car Driver / Guard (Columbia, SC) Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car Driver / Guard (Columbia, SC) Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car Driver / Guard (Seattle, WA) Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: PT Armored Car Driver / Guard (Montgomery, AL) Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car Driver / Guard (San Antonio, TX) Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car Driver / Guard (Columbus, OH) Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car Driver / Guard (Tampa, FL) Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car Driver / Guard (Tulsa, OK) Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car Driver- Time (Raleigh, NC) Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car Driver / Guard (Rochester, NY) Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car Driver / Guard (Orlando, FL) Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car CDL Driver / Guard (Orlando, FL) Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car Driver / Guard (Cleveland, OH) Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car Driver (Raleigh, NC) Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car Driver (Raleigh, NC) bought a Armored Sedan in Just bought a Armored Luxury Car. bought a Armored Sedan in Just bought a Armored Luxury Car. Just bought a Stealth Armored Supercar. bought a Armored Sedan in bought a Armored Sedan in Just purchased 1 Armored Truck bought a Armored Sedan in Just bought a Stealth Armored Supercar. I am listening to Armored Saint - March of the Saint Just purchased 1 Armored Truck bought a Armored Sedan in Hyundai builds fleet of three armored Equuus VL500 limos for Korean president: Armored cars to protect leaders .. Just bought a Stealth Armored Supercar. bought a Armored Sedan in Hyundai builds fleet of three armored Equuus VL500 limos for Korean president bought a Armored Sedan in bought a Armored Sedan in Just bought a Stealth Armored Supercar. bought a Armored Sedan in Just purchased 1 Armored Range Rover Pentagon ships new M-ATVs to Afghanistan: The Oshkosh M-ATV will be replacing up-armored Humvees in Afghanistan.. The kingdom needs knights fully armored and ready! bought a Armored Sedan in Just purchased 1 Armored Range Rover watching Joost: Iron Man: Armored Adventures- Stark Update on
His armor's tough! Use bombs wisely! The dark is my shield, my armor's in place, the sky is on fire, and hell has no reins They're just here as spectators, anyway. Looks like Armor's up first. "Show me that I still have I haven't had this feeling in a while. My armor's down and you have made me smile.." -November Blessing
<--- Worst Memorizer EVER. I'm much better with logic. Free Game post: "Memorizer" I'm so not a good memorizer...
Equipped: Full armor? Check! Ready for the world! Listening to JR, getting dressed, bought to eat brkfst :) Oka so if im his princess does that make him like my knight in shining armor? Lol idkk :) sounds good to me:):) ... Oka so if im his princess does that make him like my knight in shining armor? Lol sounds good :) ... Oka so if im his princess does that make him like my knight in shining armor? Lol sounds good :) ... So, from what I have read on staff inventories maximilian armor may soon be released? As well as a whip? Yes? :D that is so awesome! oh,what color is ur armor? Mine is pink and sparkly :) reyes? hahaha. oo cuz, na-rescue na ni papa chard mo. knight in shining armor ang drama eh. hahaha! :) who cares about a KNigHT in shining armor? i want my vampire in a SHiNY voLvo :) LOL! This "Daeva" Armor is ... slutty? Dunno, it is odd. xD PIC INCOMING! :) got to safety after six hours. and.. guess what? my knight in shining armor came!! in raingear, with sandwich, and juice. :) *sigh* got to a safety after six hours. and.. guess what? my knight in shining armor came!! in raingear, with sandwich, and juice. :) *sigh* got to a safe place after 6 hrs & guess what? my knight in shining armor came, in his raincoat, w/ sandwich, & juice. :) got to a safe place after six hours. and.. guess what? my knight in shining armor came, in his raincoat, with sandwich, and juice. :) *sigh* who is your knight in shining armor?why is your lovelife so quiet all of a sudden? =) No thanks. Haha I'll stick with who I got. "Knight in shining armor? Yes u be." All these wack ass guys make me appriciate even more. :)
to police.. man caught burglarizing belize civic cen... lotsa mr. pasta. power outage plus keys that don't work equal me burglarizing my own home. Middletown man , 22 yo Kyle Lightner, charged with burglarizing a home on West Chetser Road. Homeowner fired a shot at suspect. On the downside; my cousin just turned 18 as well & got arrested for burglarizing 20 businesses in less than a month. Impressive... but sad. - Police accuse these men of burglarizing Lawrence bowling alley. Do you know them? Man admits to burglarizing area homes Hello, fellow insomniacs and creatures of the night! Whose house are you burglarizing right now? Talk of "dumpster divers" filling warehouses with broken items. While burglarizing, they switch victim's items with broken look-alike. 17-year-old boy was arrested early this morning on suspicion of burglarizing a Hueneme athletic club Good advice: when burglarizing homes, do not log onto Facebook. Charles Manson's first offence was "burglarizing a grocery store". Seriously. Buglarizing? Update: Two Lakeville men have been charged with burglarizing homes for weeks Two arrested for burglarizing business: Quick work by Prichard police put two burglary suspects behind bars. Of.. Father, son return to find prison buddy burglarizing home
...I mean, earlier yesterday. Oh god I need sleep. Where do you keep the horse tranquilizers? Laughter is a mood altering tranquilizer with no side effects:) I need 1 of those tranquilizers that make u sleep for3 days! Tolerance these days often gets the credit that belongs to tranquilizers. "My right hand holds a bottle of tranquilizers. My left hand holds a loaded .38" I drowned it in a sea of stinkin' vodka... lmao...I'll have the horse tranquilizers ready...in case u needta calm yo down!!! "I'm rolling on a fistful of horse tranquilizers. I can't feel my lips." "sober? I am rollin' on a fist full of horse tranquilizers! I can't feel my lips!!!!" dones! You can help me design it. "sober?! I'm rolling on a fistfull of horse tranquilizers" Watching Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story...low-grade beaver tranquilizers! LMAO!!!!! I know, right? What's going on, Mary -- animal tranquilizers? Thunderous hangover? Makeup with a vendetta? sober? I'm rolling on a fist full of horse tranquilizers. I can't feel my lips! watching the tube with my sweetie...girls are making a lot of noise...they should have already fallen asleep...going to get my tranquilizers tranquilizers would be amazing! He does it all night long... tranquilizers? Erm.. I mean uh.. for a period of time when K would do that I would just rock her until she was pretty much asleep 2/2 ...given large doses of tranquilizers she is suffering from severe insomnia. 2/2 ...given large doses of tranquilizers she is suffering from severe insomnia. 2/2 given large doses of tranquilizers she is suffering from severe insomnia 2/2 given large doses of tranquilizers she is suffering from severe insomnia. 2/2 given large doses of tranquilizers she is suffering from severe insomnia. 2/2 given large doses of tranquilizers she is suffering from severe insomnia. oh I'd love to design it! The only bad thing about horse tranquilizers is that they are generally administered just before someone gets shot. D'awww, I'm sure they sell kiddie tranquilizers somewhere! ''im so dopped up on horse tranquilizers i cant feel my lips'' hah i love glee When Box John Dell gets a headache, he doesn't reach for Advil, he reaches for a syringe and horse tranquilizers. Sober...??? I'm runnin on a fist full of horse tranquilizers "Sober? I'm rolling on a fist-full of horse tranquilizers - I can't feel my lips!" Sober? I'm rollin on a fistful of horse tranquilizers! I can't feel my lips! Sober? I'm rollin' on a fistful of horse tranquilizers. I can't feel my lips. I'm so into Glee now. I love it when an ancient whore on horse tranquilizers does everyone on the football team and Glee is all about that. If you supply me with two boxes of tissues and horse tranquilizers I will rally. Deal? :) well can you help of design it ? "Sober? Im rolling on a fist full of horse tranquilizers. I cant feel my lips" - KC HAHA want me to butcher hhah yes actually it did, by the end of the day the bottom was ripped on my thigh! A grad dress is something you don't i wish benadryl would make me sleep! my sleeping pill problem is serious business. horse tranquilizers, anyone? "sober?? i'm running on a fistful of horse tranquilizers. i can't feel my lips!!" ROFL tranquilizers working for the moment. Good morning Sober? I'm rollin' on a fistful o' horse tranquilizers. I can't feel my lips. ...I've taken a fist full of horse tranquilizers and I can't feel my lips. YES MORE. THERE NEEDS TO BE MORE. "Sober? i'm rollin' on a fistful of horse tranquilizers! i can't feel my lips!" BEST EVER "Sober?!? I'm rollin on a fist full of horse tranquilizers! I can't feel my lips!" Loved Kristin Chenoweth on GLEE!! they are a friendly little bunch those sedative tranquilizers i'm rollin' on a fistful of horse tranquilizers! i can't feel my lips! i tthought you wore something you made to school once did that fall cause my sewing is brutal. The stuff at my show was held on with safety pins and fell after :( "sober?! i'm rollin' on a fistful of horse tranquilizers! i can't feel mah lips!"..// HAHAHAHAHA "sober?! i'm rollin' on a fistful of horse tranquilizers! i can't feel mah lips!"
What the hell is this Utilizer thing?
Why? No scorning allowed :D will you be my master? pandas don't have to be wild, and you can pet me :) Joel is scorning me keeps scorning me!! >:o lol jk :)
Ironically, that rounds off to 150 yen a citizen--the price of a vending machine drink for every man, woman, and child in Tokyo. chief renews call for reform; criticizes 'undervalued' aim is more balanced global growth Mid-Day Dollar and Yen Rise after Poor Non-Farm Payroll Sorry that should be 1.8 BBBIllion yen for water ads.34 million yen replacing new badges | Japan Probe Dollar and yen climb after weaker payrolls i neva made mistakes, jus did sum shit yen like...needed sometin to keep me while u ran out at nite!! Thank you Tokyo water bureau for spending 1.8 million yen of our money to tell us we have water for the Olympics bid Dollar and yen climb after weaker payrolls Iran will not cut. I`m sure. Also Iran trades against Yuan and Yen long time already. Iran is biggest "prize" of gas supplies. Can't join because that's expensive. 6000 yen travel donations... 1 yen Kyoto Animation Award Website Opened: Six winners offered 100,000-300,000 yen, chance at having work animated Kyoto Animation Award Website Opened: Six winners offered 100,000-300,000 yen, chance at having work animated Yen Rallies as US Job Cuts Discourage Higher-Yield Demand aaah vale!! but you bet 100 yen!! jejejee WORLD FOREX:Dlr, Euro Fall Vs Safe-Haven Yen On Econ Concern YEN SEMA Show Reception Goes Pool Side Is Yen now appreciated thanks to the election result? New blog post: Euro -Yen higher 130-15 to 131-15 Kyoto Animation Award Website Opened: Six winners offered 100,000-300,000 yen, chance at having work animated Biz Point: Yen Rallies as US Job Cuts Discourage Higher-Yield Demand - Bloomberg Gold Forums: Japanese Politics and the Yen: Merk Fund More... theBoards: Yen - R.I.P. Mr Magic Dollar and Yen Rise after Poor Non-Farm Payroll : ms? ga mngkn lu mah yen.. Lo kn pntr.. wqwqwq.. Toyota Warns Strong Yen Threatens Results: Toyota President Akio Toyoda said the rising currency would make it .. Yen Rallies as US Job Cuts Discourage Higher-Yield Demand .... Yen Rallies as US Job Cuts Discourage Higher-Yield Demand - Bloomberg Awesome rise on Yen crosses !!!! 1110et; looks at the YEN and faints Forex: USD/JPY: Dollar dips below 89.00 to 88.65 session low: (Barcelona) - The Yen has strengthen.. WORLD FOREX:Dlr, Euro Fall Vs Safe-Haven Yen On Econ Concern: The result helped cause US share markets to tumbl.. Toyota Warns Strong Yen Threatens Results Hatoyama should promote the Tokyo games by promising to lower the value of the Yen, which will make it easier for people to come watch. Daily Dollar and Yen Higher on Falling Stocks, Non-Farm ... Yen Rallies as US Job Cuts Discourage Higher-Yield Demand - Bloomberg 1039et; currrently EUR 14635, feeling good about a in the YEN from 11275; thinking abt in QM 70.2 1 doller = 88 yen. fucking government Nice reversal in USTs today. Long running up trade reverses and is down on the day. 10 yr 3.21.... << Watch the Yen crosses Toyota Warns Strong Yen Threatens Results - Wall Street Journal THIS IS FOR YOU REI AND YEN Forex: USD/JPY: Dollar dips below 89.00 to 88.65 session low: (Barcelona) - The Yen h.. YEN! JUN PYO COMING TO SINGAPORE!
i already have swatch but i'd give you 5 bucks for snippet :) deal?
If you like Kris, you'll like the script (sorry, I don't abridge well) I agree 100%---f**k the liberal socialists that want to abridge that right Hugo E. on Media Marketing: Twitter Feeds 30. Sept. / 1 ...: 08:49 'abridge' IAB UK: Internet .. ok, for the speech, i will post an abridge copy tomorrow before 10am once on way to Edinburgh. then wait until Labour sent me complete 1 lol dbz abridge! "go home gohan... and tell ur mother to...make..dinner!" "the argument over gay marriage is really about one group's interests, which would abridge the rights of another. that's wrong." I also hate when well meaning people abridge books. It's a work of Created by a serious who worked hard. i must say, this is pretty rad! love it. love it. meatball sub for lunch. food coma soon.... ABRIDGE: Crimewatch appeal over murder: MORE than 70 people contacted Crimewatch last night with information re.. 'abridge' IAB UK: Internet (23.5% out performed TV Ads (21.9%) 2009/1-6 UK, but GroupM counts TV 43.4%, Internet 13.9% I have decided not to do a Kim Possible Abridge Series HOWEVER I may do an abridge of Eaither Bleach or Elfen Lied what do you all think? 5,458 population per square mile is compare in abridge with Allentown PA 5,949 population per square mile; Denver CO to area 3,051 i abridge serial experimants lain on youtube see the first episode of this parody on october 1st Abridge over troubled waters cyclotram: How to walk the Interstate Bridge (and not die), while ...: THOSE INVENTIONS WHICH ABRIDGE DISTANCE .. cyclotram: How to walk the Interstate Bridge (and not die), while ...: THOSE INVENTIONS WHICH ABRIDGE DISTANCE .. Yeaaa we can make kh2 abridged...unless we find a well known series/anime that we can abridge (eg a PROPER 5d abridged) Rather than try to abridge some of the segments I'm playing, I'm going to chop it in to segments and spread it across 2 shows. I keep trying to use 'abrogate' when what i mean is closer to 'abridge' >:[ No this is something different. Do you really think I could Abridge 1million hours of gameplay? No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States;
can't help it when it comes to daggers in bodices :) Bucks Fizz should be shot...they had their time, they won Eurovision and we love their cheesy songs, but you are TOO OLD to wear bodices now i know MY heroines rip their OWN bodices. well, open them promptly, anyway. *heh* So--perhaps will pitch this: What was the actual last 'bodice-ripper' anyone remembers? Like ripped bodices and such? Author, title and year Nix on the camping trip. But! Renaissance Faire on Sunday! (Psst! Vote for me in the Babes in Bodices Contest at 2:20.) whoot hebron ren faire this weekend!! vote for My roommates cleavage so She can win the babes in bodices contest! I love me some ripped bodices. Oh yes I do! BRIDESMAID - PURPLE Gowns and Lace Trim: This wedding invitation design with its frilly gowns and bodices.. LOL <333 Watching awesome bodices on eBay. Seller has like 500 for huge sizes and none for tiny chicks like me:( Gah. So many awesome bodices, but only like...four are my size. Why the heck are there so many 16 ones and no 2-4s? :( or a lot of ripped bodices, or...like I said, take it however you feel. I may have to reenroll in pattern making bodices. That's a couple of hundred dollars I can't afford :( I imagine that your rack is SPECTACULAR. Mythical. I imagine it in one of those German beer maiden bodices. Heaving. I might be in the minority, but I find the Ren Fest a snooze. Long drive, long lines, attacking bees, bodices, men in tights, bleck. Big hair, tight bodices AND horror elements? I'd do that. But I'm envisioning something involving girls with large bodices and big hair and some horror elements. Do I sense some torn corsets coming on? Dare I say...bodices ripped? LOL
lol my english test is coming in less than 5 days and im so worried rite now :( but for A lvl, how many sub must pass? must be something in the air, no? :P Not even 1/4" at my place in Hempstead....how did we miss this?! I must live in a weather bubble. :( Eeew. Have u already Uh I guess u must have if u have essays. What r they on? I really wish I could read properly. :( Why can I not find the perfect grey nail polish color I saw in vogue? Chanel must have it right? Essie does not : ( oh and why must people leak Gaga's songs? :( so sad to hear about the tour. Oooh you're still injured? It must have been a serious knock :( u ok? and it must be :( well it would be simplyfied like 'my crush loved my friend' how ironic How have I managed to run out of biscuit mix?Really looking forward to eggs & biscuit for lunch.Must now alter menu to eggs & has browns. :( Eh? How come my follwers reduced by 2? Must be of the $0 postings :( : I know :( Coz I look like 1 of the bhayangkari women if I wear batik. Ugly! tas? ga punya batik?? wow, u must ... hem they're different :( must i give up.? Not even 1/4" at my place in Hempstead....how did we miss this?! I must live in a weather bubble. :( Awwh :( *hugs* Everyone's sick these days must be sometng in the water..What bands dya listen ta? A Drafthouse screening would be the best EVER. Why must NYC be so uncool in it's lack of similar venues? :( :( eeeh i forgot me pencil!? I must've left it on the diner table when i asked my mom 4 absent school note.... Why must the sun not show its self? :( Why do I feel so hungover??? I had 1 glass of champers!! I must be run down :( ... sorry i'd better go... darn it, school... why must you ruin everything? :P Was looking at vids & pics of Varkala, Bekal, Kollam, Kovalam. Hmmm... Thomas must have been the disciple to pick the straw, eh? :P Are you ok? It must really :( stupid Stairs. Why must i study? I feel so stupid right now :( everyone agrees. hahaha, you had to force me? O_o my head must not have been screwed on properly :P haha Oh schoolwork. I neglected you :( Now, I have to cram reading and reading. Why must I suffer because of you? (Drama queen much?) so tired. why must school so early :( ?! Flip! That must be a bit odd for your mum :-( They've seen each other on webcam tho haven't they? Bored... Is there anyone else on that's BORED?! If you're bored, talk to me, & I tell you, you must! :P needs someone to talk too cause i have noone apparently :( why must this have to happen? why am i such a screw up? ... needs someone to talk too cuase i have noone apparently :( why must this have to happen? why am i such a screw up? ... HAHAHAHA WTF??? Army must be painful for you! :( Talaga?! Well, good for her (I guess?) What goes around comes around, what goes up, MUST come down =))))))) :P sorry dear:D must be thinking my fellow followers why am I twittering so much about $0 stuff? SMS me and I will tell you the answer! :P i wanna know who BigFruitLoopski is? must be an imposter :P oh noes! this early? :( bummer! altho cnn said humina daw si pepeng. he must be.. old-errr. why must you come back, mister stomach ache? :( youmakemesad. Aaaah, London Jazz Festival, why must you schedule Bill Frisell on my father's 70th when I'll be in Paris? :( why must I have such weak ankles? :( Dear Chanel, WHY MUST YOUR NAIL POLISHES BE SO EXPENSIVE?! :( I want the Jade nail polish soooo bad -____- Would have loved having a jol with at pride. :-( we must together, its been a while. Has Tabitha said "I DO" yet? Movie night? There's a movie night? I don't know about a movie night...we must have downgraded to uncool kids :( but why must it be here? :( why must all the good shoes cost so much!? :( 11 SIMs??? Loool :D Must be me :P why must my feet readjust to the same chunky heeled boots i wore all last winter? it to walk on carpet :( No, why must it be on a school night? :( Dear Poly Sci... why must you be so unkind? For a kid who lives in a DC suburb I thought you'd be nicer :( Fire sale! Everything must go! You're not serious are you? No more kokoleo? :-( ahaha Lol Just read your location Bradies bed :P Man that must be an awesom place to live ay? ;) LOL! It's lonely and quiet in the office today. All my friends elsewhere :( must be home time soon...?
Invasive News: Pathways Of Movement Of Sudden Oak Death Pathogen Described: The pathogen that cau.. Just confirmed the trailer will be shown again tonight at Women in Hip Hop!!!! @ My Sisters Room!!!! Just confirmed the trailer will be shown again tonight at Women in Hip Hop!!!! @ My Sisters Room!!!! Pathways Of Movement Of Sudden Oak Death Pathogen Described thank you thank you! Good to know. :) How chocolate helps lay down new neural pathways & make you did a great job on the Trailer. Props! Big Ups to too!!!!><preshate ya. ... harassment, attempt at deals".Yesterday, all throughout my pathways, from morn til evening, followed by people dressed in did a great job on the Trailer. Props! Big Ups to too!!!!><preshate ya testing out in Tucson! Herb is about to begin his Pathways to Profit seminar Great pres on Oxford on iTunesU - loads of other Unis on there too. We really need those pathways though to make sense of it We are moving toward 1) skill based evaluations and 2) new visual language of career pathways Off for a weekend hike/getaway to Mt. Carleton Prov. Park w/ Pathways out of grant proposal ('green' job training collaboration with Leech Lake Band, BSU and others) is... lighting our pathways Check out my on the Lesson Pathways blog, Do I Really Need to Keep It? via Choc lay neural pathways/makes u <I tried coca bean choc today, enough not 2 try again did a great job on the Trailer. Props! Big Ups to too!!!! he'll be at Pathways Highlands tonight (10/2) at 7pm check it out: we're coming down for it. should be fun! Shouts to everybody who made it out to see the trailer. I know it was mad early but I hope it was it. More to come :) it's a small world Plant Disease News: New ARS study shows pathways of movement of sudden oak death pathogen President Cordova ivy tech students live at PWL go to Ivy Tech cslled Pathways. Pathways to Freedom, the Thrillionaires: You are the creator of your universe Hey Matt, great to find you on here! I'm taking my nephew to Shepherd Pathways for rehabilitation. He's making great progress. Big ups to & their staff 4 the trailer debut of "Pathways"! looks hot!! really looking forward to it! <~<<WORD ERL: The solar photovoltaics wedge: pathways for growth and potential carbon mitigation in the US Congrats! Proud of Pathways: Top 12 in Social Enterprise competition. Working on business plan for next round. Proud of Pathways: Top 12 in Social Enterprise competition. Working on business plan for next round. The EMEA should be proactive, open pathways and study the way to use SM for the better health Universities sell guided routes and pathways towards qualifications. Something content and OER alone can't do. Universities sell guided routes and pathways towards qualifications. Something content and OER alone can't do. Issue 55 of New Pathways is now available to read on line or to listen to in audio. - Clients with multiple complex needs; need creative pathways to overcome multiple problems-creativity and innovation is Pilion Trust's way I understand! : From SNPs to Pathways. -- Bauer-Mehren et al, in BMC Bioinformatics (via ) News - Allied's Green Career Pathways Provides Students With Up-to-Date ... - IT Business Net.. PFK works with a collection of organizations to promote the development, use, & maintenance of pathways in Keene. Choosing pathways to make Reflecting Now easier and more likely to push the boundaries of my thought- more fun and more productive that way! Dammm, why does past obstacles continue to build harsh and difficult pathways into our future?!!....How will we ever be able to differ t ... Ambling through my life and several books and a few pathways. D.C. area tweeps: will b at Pathways Natural Living Expo on Sunday - The Healthy Zone, Booth 5. Stop by & intro urself.Luv 2 meet u
People are geographically stupid. Hello, it's a GREAT LAKE. Thus why she's an ex ;-) And don't say I'm geographically restricted from winning a ;-) Rio has a lot of "firsts" that a variety of other countries can get behind. Geographically, Chi couldn't beat them out. we think about nations which can be handled well..politically geographically.. USSR was also divided.. u blame anyone? Despite ppl's opinions on China, I think they were a great venue (geographically) for Olympics in what way? Geographically, economically, politically? Sounds like fun! It's a great idea for geographically dispersed orgs to try retreats" but what about the mute button? Target followers geographically. and are two great options. Miami's superintendent talking about IBM analytics SW enabling them to geographically map out problem areas. ^rr Just of the phone with my dad. It's his 70th b-day. Wish I was closer (geographically).. "heading means revenue wise not geographically wise... even if I like Canada btw ;) If Israel were geographically I would expect it to be occupied by US forces like the other 900 bases round the world. I am geographically retarded :) It is raining here as well :( Olympics 2016 | Olympic games: But in a year when the IOC's history of rotating the Olympics geographically.. Your twitter has eyes only for my tweets? Stalkery. :P Also, nice to know exactly where you are, geographically speaking. i knew it - i was thinking, hang on, i don't think Sumatra or Indonesia generally are either *is ashamed geographically* I was listening to Tegan and Sara tonight. I know exactly who I'd go to a with, if that were geographically possible. hello! i'm so geographically close to you right now! :) How Do I Duplicate My Business Success To Other Areas Of The Country?: I run a business that is geographically .. turns out I'm in Albany, not I never said I wasn't geographically challenged. isnt it because of the way orlando is positioned geographically VERY cool about Moon/Outland double bill. Sadly I'm geographically challenged, big water in the way. Have a great time! I am much like her... and my Aunt Sharron who is my geographically closest relative. In Sacramento. Geographically I can't, but are serious business. yes definitely. we're geographically separated but are family who gets along very well and has always been you are geographically confused the car in front me of has ohio plates but a palm tree license cover. they are geographically confused. I'd love it, but I am geographically challenged here in Texas.... f4 Politically Greece is of course Europe but those islands are geographically closer to the Turkish coast. Geographically no friends.. none left in Kanpur.. I am so geographically challenged! Was a Geographically Diverse Group at Geographically speaking where was the nick? Most men nick the Adam's apple, or around nose, lips or ears. OUCH! = That's a busy, learning-filled 8 months...Best of luck on both the training and the job hunt...Where are you, geographically? Am geographically challenged and have no idea where you are or going to but hope you get there soon! I look at it this way. China, being a larger nation geographically, has done a gr8 job to emerge as a power. Picking up my favorite resident from the tonight. So excited! We've been geographically challenged since February. Like so much in London, Golden Square isn't geographically situated the same place as it is in my head. Geographically, about 90% of 48 contiguous states will watch Broncos-Cowboys this week broncos_sacco Geographically, about 90% of 48 contiguous states will watch Broncos-Cowboys this week Geographically, about 90% of 48 contiguous states will watch Broncos-Cowboys this week, Buck and Aikman in booth for FOX. I have a real-time shared editing and collaboration device in my office. Wireless even! Currently in beta and geographically limited. Can also observe SARs (Suspicious Activity temporally in addtion to geographically (using ArcMap in this case) European leaders R diverse because they R geographically/often mentally centered between Asia's collectivism & America's individualism. To my friends.....I use for my email list. You can geographically locate your friends/fans. Great folks. Note: Msia trip, only for those for whom it is geographically possible...XP Is asking those who can....geographically speaking XP *runs* hey there girl wats goin on were u at geographically Just submitted my app. Maybe they'll make the class geographically diverse and throw the Oregon girl in. Gotta cover those fault lines ;) ANYONE KNOW IF THEY'LL BE SHOWING 2012 ON ANY CHANNELS THAT CANADA/BC GETS? I refuse to Sarver this unless it's geographically impossible.
"And asin uffish thought he stood, The Jabberwock, with eyes of flame, Came whiffling through the fulgey wood And burbled as it came!" thank you, Tim. Was terrific. Nice lot of people who all watched and listened while I burbled on about characters without pants S & I discovered the shower stall in one bathroom had burbled up mysterious contents in the last 24 hrs... ....I have just interpreted what my stomach just burbled......"need food!".....lol....Happy Friday !
stop making me dislike myself u dazed Aff's - act right! ....okay outburst finished lazy, bored, dazed and confused. Best & most embarassing for me! To not remember that Donnie asked me a question? OMG dazed & confused ( D'oh)!!! When some people call me I do a doubletake, like my uncle just called me and I was so dazed I almost missed the call. He NEVER calls me. When some people call me I do a doubletake, like my uncle just called me and I was so dazed I almost missed the call. LOVE IT WHEN THEY PLAY THE ALARM(: Everyone jumps up, looks dazed & RUN TO COMPLETE THE CHALLENGE(: Epic-ness overload finshd reading "Gandhi The Man' n is dazed! d 1st lit i read abt d gr8 man n t has lft me wanting4more.u HAVE2read t.mite jus chang ur life! Dazed & barely awake...sheets are cozy. A is in the shower....#goingbacktosleep...xoxo It can difficult. What's crazy is it's like every week we're hearing about another icon dying that has me dazed. Well...while all the leafpeepers are dazed and confused looking at leafs....they're slowing down my drive to Manchester. MOVE people!!! Thank you for the kind words, again. I am well if a little dazed you know. But I head down to cajun land to be with family soon. Several soon to be completed. Pushing to complete them and a little dazed as a result. Very pleased about what we have created. Humanimal Hybrid Editorials - The Callum Turner Dazed Japan Photo ...: The Callum Turner Dazed Japan Photo-Spre.. Weird but wonderful. Check out Dazed & Confused magazine's feature of Franken-Fashion Mask Project! oh and if you wonder why i can laugh so much... Jay Leno RULES! he's the best.. i used to watch him when i was too dazed to think Weird but wonderful. Check out Dazed & Confused feature of Franken-Fashion Mask Project! I used Shazam to discover Evergreen Dazed by Felt I'm so dazed this morning I just threw my change in the garbage and kept the receipt. Psych Freak Out! - In the current Dazed October issue, we delve into the new-wave of e... from is dazed and confused In my dazed rush to leave the house I took my almost empty bottle of Advil out of my purse to fill it. And left it on my dresser. Awesome. I just applied the Dazed Imagination twitter background from where were u the 1 time u heard stakes is high by de la soul prod by j dilla. (i was watchin rap city w my mouth wide open) dazed & amazed - he looks so dazed there. hes like. what? huh? wat did you say? ...'Cause I *always* change my violin strings in the middle of the night, dazed. Wonder if it's 1 of those things you never forget how 2 do? DAZED&CONFUSED, LOVE and NYLON! she's so pretty with her dazed glassy stare and ketosis on her lips <3 glitz, glamour, flashing lights. Let me stay in wonderland tonight Humanimal Hybrid Editorials - The Callum Turner Dazed Japan Photo-Spread (GALLERY): For the C.. Humanimal Hybrid Editorials - The Callum Turner Dazed Japan Photo-Spread (GALLERY): For the C.. Damn, I said like 2 dazed , then went to sleep on the floor. Fail on my of goin in on a subject is it me or does Lincecum look like Mitch from Dazed and Confused? My cat, he looks dazed from sleep. I feel sleepy, too...take a nap. in the life and times of beautiful. so dazed... did i go to sleep? anywho HAPPY BDAY I am constantly dazed & confused! I find it helps! no problem ma'am. I'm constantly dazed and confused "I've been Dazed and Confused for so long its not true, wanted a woman, never bargained for you.." LedZep Owns the Beetles! reading Dazed at baker st.. Staaate This guy on bus next to me is totally off his face, on drugs for sure. It's like he's in slow motion, dazed and confused. Eek stay away!!! Came up on a Dazed & Confused poster. Haha. I'm dazed and confused, arrived early for work, Samuel Britain is making sense, and the FT is doing "investing in Spain" need coffee :) I'm dazed and confused, arrived early for work, Samuel Britain is making sense, and the FT is doing "investing is Spain" need coffee :) Led Zeppelin- "Dazed and confused" Just watched Adventureland. The first half smelled of Dazed and Confused. Last half: manure. It's so funny when he walks out of the bathroom looking beat and dazed but his hair looks normal. haha LOL at his smile near the end(When he was driving the car) He reminded me of Dazed and Confused) Thursday dinner was fun. Tomorrow's another long day. all day for Dazed and Confused & The Hangover!!! gtg down to get ramyun. apparently i am still dazed by ystd's hot chocolate :)
Do you want one when we meet up? :D Just got an email asking whether it was OK to use WP-Cumulus on the Vilnius website :) your happy clouds are Cumulus Clouds?! :D Happy wenhui 27th and tiffyiffy 29th! Hope you like your present. I had fun in the space of time!! :)
I would prefer my rep to make decisions based on LOGIC rather than EMOTION. Constitution limits gov't power. STOP trespassing. "I had a dream, Mr. King, if you'll beg my pardon. I was trespassing a sacred garden. "Happy MK Gandhi! NO TRESPASSING WITHOUT PERMISSION. I've been wanting an atv...now I need one! Gotta stay on top of these trespassing hunters and dumpers. Awesome prayer walk with my G group and Marisa's around new building area and in the back parking lot! Were we trespassing? LOL warning signs, eg: "Prayer is the best way to meet the Lord - Trespassing is faster" :D Took a wrong turning on my run this morning and found myself jogging across the helicopter pad of a very posh hotel. Yay for trespassing. 10/2/2009 1:02:02 AM: TRESPASSING-0 BLK SEACOUNTRY LN, FL A fly is trapped behind the blinds in my office, unable to get away. HAHA! That's what you get for TRESPASSING, motherfucker! I vote that trespassing is allowed for a day only at the Mt. Pleasant Center. I've become quite curious. A fly is trapped behind the blinds in my office, unable to get away. HA! That's what you get for TRESPASSING, motherfucker! Me n josh r trespassing on top of the roof of som loma linda building 2 fights and I'm kicked out of the bigE and they have a trespassing order on me. cool. phone with girl, food, tv, sleep. fuck off twatter. you know trespassing in2 a grieving yard while people still ache can really peole with over senses. So Brit's watching E.. they're talking about John Gosselin, and they just showed his dumbass spelling 'Penalty' wrong on a trespassing sign. If I were arachnophobic, I wouldn't even want to get near them. They are fine, but it's like trespassing if they come inside! A fly is trapped behind the blinds in my office, unable to get away.HAHAHA! That's what you get for TRESPASSING motherfucker! A fly is trapped behind the blinds in my office, unable to get away. HAHAHA! Thats what you get for TRESPASSING, motherfucker! since person met via Twitter, his name is Raz, aka Grafiti Know Hope trespassing, I refused last time 2 share a coffee with him Jon Gosselin Fights TLC (And Proper Spelling) With No Trespassing Sign Fly is trapped behind the blinds in my office, unable to get away. HAHAHA! That's what you get for TRESPASSING, motherfucker! A fly is trapped behind the blinds in my office, unable to get away. HAHAHA! That's what you get for TRESPASSING, mother ... lmao. A fly is trapped behind the blinds in my office, unable to get away.That's what you get for TRESPASSING, motherfucker! Put up "No Trespassing" signs. Rednecks still drop by, but it cut down on Jehovah Witness visits by 100%. A fly is trapped behind the blinds in my office, unable to get away. HAHAHA! That's what you get for TRESPASSING, motherfucker! Nov 1 pending the inspection. we did our own drive by today, and some semi-trespassing-peeping-tom stuff. looks good! almost got booked for criminal trespassing 2nd degree, dam im helluh stupid, but th cop let me go, she's filthy ... I want to cook. bake. pickle. do something with my neighbours' trespassing crabapples. make something autumny. Know Hope is AKA sparrow4hawk. Trespassing assault. use the fact that I was honest with you people. <333 I am happy. I'm no longer trespassing. :D Trespassing = when a person "knows" you via Twitter; thinks he's qualified to run a whois check on you. thinks he can assault you = Bad. In high school, I had a weekly show that lasted two episodes. We got cancelled due to inappropriate material, conduct, and trespassing. Keep out / No trespassing sign on a dumpster? Correction: DCGHS students may not be suspended; instead, rumors that they will be charged for trespassing, vandalism & pay for damages. Dodged a bullet man...got a letter from the fiscal about my trespassing incident. They ain't taking me to woop! its just trespassing... jeez. Prayer is the best way to meet the Lord"Trespassing is faster" No trespassing signs are so tempting...luckily i dont own an ATV...ha I felt you trespassing my oceans, my rudeness remains a wonder ... That's fucking trespassing! He's required by law to give notice! Jon Gosselin put up a no trespassing sign in front of his house - do not enter, TLC film crew (HA!) Woman wigs out over warm soda, gets arrested, Wash. police say: The charge was trespassing -- the deputy told h.. "if ur standing on the promises of G-d, make sure ur not trespassing. Examine ur ways R u in position 2 have a leg 2 stand on?" Trespassing again... Way to go John Brady. Why is presenting alternatives to in a public consultation considered trespassing? not only did they misspell his name, but PENALTY as well, and said TRESPASS instead of TRESPASSING... pathetic! Jon Gosselin doesn't want film crews trespassing on his visit time. Kate admits kids developing bad attitude. Time to lose the cams maybe? Wat dont people understand. If a business gives you a trespassing notice and you come back you will get arrested
who is the moron that writes stories on horrible grammar and they used "dude rag" instead of bandanna. lame. my cousin have no idea? He made out with a old lady? Its has and an. You Always use poor grammar its twitter, who needs grammar? Haha LMAO!!! Will we here that the Olympic comity is Racist?--GRAMMAR POLICE!!! yeah, we are, actually :> how can people stand not taking grammar seriously? I get so annoyed with bad grammar :| tracks HAS been? Where is my sense of grammar gone to? are you french or are you just practicing your french grammar? just curious. maybe u can teach me how to curse in french! lol that's true... But still. We're able to maintain our grammar, why can't they? :D Dictionary with phrases and/or sentence patterns (grammar?): When I was learning spanish, I could look up a wor.. beta itu hm semacam fiction editor gitu kak kalo di LJ. yang ngedit grammar, vocab gitu2 hehe. iya ga My grammar gremlin is out in full force this week. Are possessives really that difficult to grasp? Ownership. Show ownership. Ready to strut your stuff? Take a quiz on commas What should I do?! Read novel or study for grammar test?! "Compare to" or "compared with?" The Grammar Monkeys know. du hast Chris's room gestolen? (excuse my poor excuse for grammar and probably spelling :-P ) grumpy because of the bad grammar? obviously, it should have read codger!" ;-) Where did that grammar come from? My English teacher would be turning in her grave (hang on she's not dead)! busted on grammar. Again. || ?? Not my grammar, Grammar Champ. When do you use a comma between someone's occupation and name? Morning ladies, do you think that proper grammar and correct spelling are sexy? ;) Come on what the fuck is David Stern on??? Making a rule that players cant stand up by the bench??? nigga this aint grammar school these are Good night everyone, and please pray for whatever might happen tomorrow. Correct grammar ba? ;) Rediscovering Morrissey... What's with the crappy Southpaw Grammar re-release? Wasn't TLC originally known as "The LEARNING Channel"? Apparently, NOT the Spelling and Grammar Channel What does the latest research say about the teaching of grammar in middle/high school? Can you give me resources for as in... the rapper? (i tried to remember his last name, but i got nothing.) Country grammar was good in its time lol. BTW, to those who listen to "Geek Radio Daily," anybody know where the "I'm not gay" quote they often drop comes from? OK, horrible grammar. It's a beautiful day for grammar. But, then again, what day is not? what's on the agenda today? We have math, reading, grammar, social studies (history).... :) my grammar sucks.. i understand what people say.. but i cant answere it.. can u teach me? T.T u can tell me if i answere ... oh, that's nice :) it's okay! XD // are you having any difficulties with your english grammar? do you really think I give a fuck about "proper" grammar that some faggot ass Europeans designed? Your a robot gespannt: where does grammar come from? von Michael Tomasello How fun is this? Just ran into a friend from grammar & high school! She popped in for coffee after dropping her kid off Did I just give out about spelling and grammar and spell 'dickheads' 'dickeheads'? Oh, Gods. or is it grammar errors is one of my pet peeves? Gonna go teach some youngins! Like my grammar???:) Try with online English grammar. Still bored? May I help you? See my website for all English tenses Interesting? Perfect! It is so logical. I've been working on it for years (see my website) I'm a bit sad that my grammar nazi friend never noticed that I constantly spell "fianlly" right. (Or "finally" wrong? Now I'm confused. :S) I was not too bad,but also not too good. How about u? No, I just wanna try something that was other.. *maaf klo grammar'y ancur* You speak Japanese? It's a really difficult language to learn. Grammar especially you think I'm the Twitter spelling gatekeeper? I'm more of a grammar freak, it's dindin with Cin and ME not I. you mean "Inglourious Basterds"? Had recently a little argument about grammar ;-) hello twittes, just about to have an english lesson on grammar, i cant decide if this sounds interesting? kamu jalan hidupku.. untuk kamu aku dilahirkan.. i was born to be with you *grammar?* First 101 was causing headaches, now for is a pain in the ass. Any other languages want to irritate me? 3 bad beats? After the whole grammar thing, you think you would spell correctly with 3 bad -bets- =^.^=
Whether you see these things from an Austrian, Marxist, Monetarist, Keynesian, neo-Keynesian... The crisis of real wealth versus monetarist claptrap is complicated by the individual (faux) valuation sof the mass consumer.
Now playing: YOU REALLY GOT ME by KINKS Versus better get these kinks worked out before Wings/Blues. Unacceptable to cut to commercials mid-game. The spikey dog collar - my Halloween costume this year Oh bliss - Emma Peel & The Kinks Whoa! Now playing: YOU REALLY GOT ME by KINKS Annoying. Very. Stay with -- I'm sure it will iron out kinks Getting my kinks worked out...(perm time)... yep we're working out the content kinks as we speak. what city are you in? There are still some kinks to work out, but they're back to work because of falling public opinion. LOL, yeah there's a lot kinks to iron out before I blog about it. But data in and data out is cool. What a gem. Adding to my race day tunes. Oh bliss - Emma Peel & The Kinks Whoa! What a gem. Adding to my race day tunes. Oh bliss - Emma Peel & The Kinks Whoa! Ouch. maybe they'll work out the kinks... it depends on the time and exit. EZ pass has a lot of kinks but it'll all work out once ohio drivers get used to it specially regarding security. It sucks, but 2016 is a good to work out those kinks, i think. Well, Rio is not only slums. There are a lot, of course, but it's much more than that. Yes, a lot of kinks to work out... Nice Kinks reference who wants to bomb a slum? look, i've always wanted to go to brazil, but let's face it - rio still has some kinks to work out its a good thing I worked out all the kinks....Lamp on fire....*screams* LMFAO.....got fire retarded beads now yeah I hear u....my sis advised me to wait on the 2 so they can get the kinks out.....I'm getting a new phone this month myself. I am agreeing with the Kinks right now on - Where have all the good times gone? [AWaffle] Finally ironed image kinks out. Nyankoi 1 is cute and cat-filled~ Though..KobaYuu drawing?! [AWaffle] Finally ironed the image kinks out. Nyankoi 1 is cute and cat-filled~ u installed os! Watch for kinks. Irritating; aft leopard, I dl firefox. Going online is like zoo, app names & all. Current project- Djinn of Wishes Control. Seems pretty solid but there are a few kinks to work out. Lands need m ... whoa. random tweets finally posting 3 days later? strange...but not unbelievable. twitter, your kinks have kinks. Yes I am! We have a pet snake called Kinks as well. :) I like the upgrades to my phone. Definitely got rid of a lot of kinks. Up and at 'em. Busy day today with a ride to work out the kinks. They still have some kinks to work out. Wait no longer! You have been granted access to the preview of The Anniversary Issue (still a few kinks to work out... Rockin out to the Kinks "20th Century Man". Top tune. Muswell Hillbillbilies. Top album. Very, what is your favorite Kinks song? Gonna work on some new material over the weekend. Wanna see if I can get the kinks worked out. I've always wondered, are you by any chance a kinks fan? she walked like a woman and talked like a man Lola/The Kinks The Kinks - All Day And All Of The Night (Rare 1966) Something I've always wondered, is how do those curly telephone wires always get wierd kinks in them? If you anyone knows I'd love to hear. Morning Mantra ... iron out kinks, help heal the world kind of we need to work out a few kinks. What about yall? What kinks? mate where do I She's trying to put kinks in me & Mr Wonkas business, like proper sabotage... still working out the kinks in my plans for tonight. hope its a great one! which of this acts farms potatoes? The Kinks, Keith Christmas, Al Roy Harper, Quintessence, Amazing Blondel, (more to come)....
After 1 1/2 hours working just now getting 1st cup of coffee. What was I thinking? Sometimes coffee is more than wine OH tHE HAIR DRYER? LOL. u gotta excuse me I'm still sleepy. I was thinking about the dryer u DRY YO CLOTHES IN! SMHLOL. Lunchtime! I'm thinking Burger King. Poor Sarah McLachlan. People can never listen to her music without thinking of hungry dogs and cats! New blog post: Thinking About Whitening Your Teeth? Wish i was in SD to go with ya! twas thinking the same thing. Hope things are dope shit, as opposed to just shit (which they obviously are). Watching Ninja Warrior and thinking of poor you! What do you bet BO is thinking he didn't apologize enough to the world... Thats what I was thinking LOL :D I'm thinking that might actually be "run the fuck away!" or simply, "fuck run" or "fuck you, run."- haha - that sounds fun & 'reflective'. I went to Kuala Lumpur by myself (despite my Sing friends' no's!) & did some thinking. And here I am thinking I was doing good by getting up @ 8am. I'm thinking of getting you one of those girlies from 'Lars and the Real Girl.' She can borrow my clothes and perfume Most excellent animation about "thinking outside, around, and inside the box." Funny and looks great too. Thinking about seeing Zombieland tonight...anyone see it yet? Ehmm..ijah ijah ijah.. Benar! Diralat deh!! Btw,makasi kang.. :) stop thinking?? don't! just stop feeling! ;] tend to agree with you, am thinking and hoping Rio gets it especially when europe has it in 2012 thinking... will i go by car or bike to If i go by car I can take stuff of omigod with me, if i go by bike i can drink... Dilemma.. around the house...who ever invented a way to show everything that you are doing or thinking in a day? i would like ... In a deli thinking about how amazing it would be to bypass the line and yelling my order. Hi Rob, what time you at Hobgoblin tonite? Thinking of passing by. Another big weekend for NASCAR. Im thinking at least one of the Chase drivers will be out of the picture by the end of Sunday. What the hell were you thinking hows the wife and kid - Someone called thinking this was spooky..perhaps a relative? Good thinking! Thank god I found them already (see last tweet :) ok, just thinking about this, if Madrid,Spain - PAELLA!!!! MANCHEGO!!!! JAMON IBERRA!!!! YUM! Today? Nothing. Temple later, ugh. Tomorrow thinking about the zoo with Sara if its not to hot hmm yeah i was thinking that Umm, based on how Ted Williams' frozen head was treated, we're thinking no cryogenics breakthrough will bring him back OK.ITS 11:35AM.AND IAM ALREADY THINKING ABOUT PAPPADEAUX HAPPY HR. Apple what are you thinking?!?!? ... A billion...? Zero Friction Method. Get your mind out of the gutter, this is about making money, NOT WHAT YOURE THINKING ABOUT! ;) how's the restaurant 'hunt' going for tonight? (i know..you're at work) I'm thinking luna or something UBER cute like THAT?! Zero Friction Method. Get your mind out of the gutter, this is about making money, NOT WHAT YOURE THINKING ABOUT! ;) oh yeah u aint know? thats that shit whitney was on wit her boujee ass lol RIGHT cause I was thinking Golden Crack? LLS! Zero Friction Method. Get your mind out of the gutter, this is about making money, NOT WHAT YOURE THINKING ABOUT! ;) she thinking of money or something lol woke up thinking about apple pie ... what time you comin to mine? Just thinking how long we're gonna have. Thinking about "Has Modern Conservatism Become a Cult?" ( ) And there I was thinking in was one of Steve's prerequisites. thinking wot to do for my halloween ant idears????? Thinking of becoming a real estate agent. I do miss that environment. I will look into getting my license I think. Go lettuce, go lettuce. OK.ITS 11:35AM.AND IAM ALREADY THINKING ABOUT PAPPADEAUX HAPOY HR. I was thinking the exact same thing. Is thinking sleepy or hungover? These pictures leave me thinking of Autumn. Well, I hope so too, but I'm thinking there should be other items as well. You know, like some red boots maybe. NOPE!!NO clean thinking here :)I also like my weiners,er hot dogs,large & in charge like :) LOL!
(Mark Stringer) OK, time to make the tea (Yorkshire speak for dinner) and do last night's washing up. am unsure who i like best- omar or stringer... its a hard call. think omar may just pip stringer tho... 13:23, 12:06, 13:16, 11:43 = Timed myself today (first time ever) in prep for speed stringing contest at Stringer's Symposium. Too slow. Wow, Garcia gotta be feeling pretty sorry for himself at this point when the Fins would rather bring in KC's 3rd stringer than you. Last night I had a dream that I was in prison playing handball with Stringer Bell from The Wire. too many DPA's at i guess Youll be dead like corey stringer a stringer for 48 Hours, apparently. Probably not making the best money in TV. Likely extremely jealous of Dave's success. I was a stringer then a staff photog... for a total of 2 or 3 months, haha. Lyn, Marites, Glenda and Chai were great. Do the 100 Essential Films include Lunatics Ball or Stringer? Please, God, no. - jack bessant playing his acoustic guitar.......*****stringer/bessant***** Bench: J Flannery, T Buckley, P O'Connell, D Wallace, P Warwick, P Stringer, I Dowling. oh yeah i ironed out the TGP confusion with Stringer. let's hope i can pull through to stay in MIT. otherwise, I WASTED THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS that's strong coffee - or stringer coffee?! Actually maybe the saddest thing is that Tony and Manohla both passed on AFTERSCHOOL and let some 4th-stringer review it. Ain't nothing like the wire season 3 final roof top scene with stringer(@driis) and avon(wood Harris)... AHAHAHAAHH HOW. IS. STRINGER. BELL. BRITISH. HOW. IS. STRINGER. BELL. BRITISH. I respect TSB and love coach Stringer babe! Take the boxing gloves off love! I THOUGHT SO! So, as soon as Robbie leaves, Kris goes back to his second-stringer. Poor Dave. :( I'm not worried though, Burke and Wilson inherited this 2nd stringer....this won't last much longer. Way too much is at stake. Its "Heat" meets "Ocean's 11" with Stringer Bell and T.I. and Matt Dillon. From Screen Gems studios. u are gonna love The Wire!!! I finished the whole series in a month. Addictive. Stringer Bell is the shit! Finding out that Stringer Bell is ACTUALLY a cockney still ranks as one of the most genuinely shocking moments of my adult life. was set for a practice today but the rackets won't ready till tomorrow (though they promised today).. should probably get my own stringer. I love getting my hair cut, I always feel re-fresh, some lady thought I was Stringer Bell Lol (Idris Elba) dude wish that's like the 5th x Ready for a great night at church with Australian guest Col Stringer. Watch live at I am officially following Stringer Bell on twitter...where the package at big homie? - gary with acoustic guitar *****stringer/bessant***** Decision Day Looming For Stringer: Forest Hill senior Andre Stringer is ready to end the recruiting process. On.. Dana's opening tonight! Her first solo show. Our book publisher, Roland Stringer, visited and we hammered out the next Chicken Joe text. I'm going to go out as Omar from The Wire for halloween. Who wants to be Stringer? Haha Fossil extends evolution story: Natural History Museum's Professor Chris Stringer says an ancient a fossilised .. Fossil extends evolution story: Natural History Museum's Professor Chris Stringer says an ancient a fossilised .. 15 whoo. A hollow vicyory over the laws of montion vs the power of miss stringer and the speed of phil cringle by constituents,in case of prez,yrly bynation by reg voters w/proven citizenship,legislate&impose stringer vtr fraud prevention wow what investigation we have several videos and pictures comming out on website from the May-Stringer House in Brooksville soon you get out of the homework AGAIN damn you O.O *cries* lonely asian and the G-stringer T.T T___T i'm sorry ;D i know how much G-stringer sucks ;O i'll be there for the pain next week? ;D no love for you! Nothing but sadness for leaving me with G-stringer! T.T Hey Andy call me I need a stringer for the Union-Owasso football game on Friday. Call 341-1101 thanks Remembering waiting for the bus from Yokohama to Tokyo with Sir Howard Stringer. Sir Mix A Lot was fancy enough to have his own car. Stringer Bell... love your acting from The Wire to Rocknrolla. Keep up the good work. Clutch hits when pressure is off, kinda like T Jack playing well as second stringer on exhibition game after Favre arrives Learning Leo Kottke arrangement of "Jesu Joy of Man's Desiring" on the 12 stringer. to sound pretty good. Tiger Bait (Rivals) >> Stringer to announce Monday I am not a fan of Mrs. Carla Stringer. Copywriter / Technical Writer / / Stringer / Speechwriter / Humorist / Editor / Geek & much more! We're always interested in good story ideas, but we don't pay for them unless you write the story as a stringer.
Perhaps he was insinuatin' 'schismatical,' schematically.
Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best. - Henry Van Dyke Derrick Van Dyke is giving away his list-building software for free at Derrick Van Dyke is giving away his list-building software for free at Hi mr dyke!! English with Senior Dyke! Every house where love abidesAnd friendship is a guest,Is surely home, and home, sweet homeFor there the can rest. Henry Van Dyke Derrick Van Dyke is giving away his list-building software for free at Negroni'sTrio will be performing @ Van Dyke Cafe in Miami October 6th! See you guys there! Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best. - Henry Van Dyke another day with out some one being nasty ad dyke like to me. Maybe I should thowr a no Sayra o boy!! Heading to Milwaukee with a Van full of Van Dyke and Van Eyck Chairs. If you kiss a frog and it turns to a prince, will a bull frog turn into a bull dyke? Just seen Kevin Hill for the first time, and there was a worse English accent than Dick Van Dyke bull dyke explained sales to us and called Mickey "Elvis Costello", my brother and I were stalked by two chicks all night. Mulling over the greatness of Jerry Van Dyke. Whooohoooo! Lol "Heard they'll do anything 4 a klondike, well ill do any thing 4 a blonde dyke" (c) Kanye West Free Scrap fabric! (red hook): Nice scrap fabric in black trash bags on the corner of van brunt st and van dyke.. Derrick Van Dyke is giving away his list-building software for free at Derrick Van Dyke is giving away his list-building software for free at Derrick Van Dyke is giving away his list-building software for free at yeah, me too. oranjeboom, clog, dyke, windmill It was. i got to sit next to that mad dyke in english ;) Derrick Van Dyke is giving away his list-building software for free at Maybe she's a dyke, and your boobs don't look like at least a B today so it was like COCK BLOCK, TIME TO PENALIZE HER. "Even should we find another Eden, we would not be fit to enjoy it nor stay in it forever." Henry Van Dyke half a dyke! Derrick Van Dyke is giving away his list-building software for free at Derrick Van Dyke is giving away his list-building software for free at How fun! Have a great time... ask Cindy Williams to sing the Lesbian Butch Dyke song fm The First Nudie Musical for me ;) Huuuge dyke walking in front of me I miss my dyke spike. I know how you feel Derrick Van Dyke is giving away his list-building software for free at Flew repaired Spyder on the Dyke yesterday. It goes up, down, and flies straight, just as it should. Derrick Van Dyke is giving away his list-building software for free at The Soggy Dollar in Jost van Dyke! One of the best in the world & a place I long for every Friday! is up ! last night was wow! how can i (Rico Dolce) fight a dyke? well he/she got what they wanted lol ..but hit me ... Christ on a Dyke, would be funnier! HAHAHAHAH No I cant. I'd look like a dyke on a bike. :\ Derrick Van Dyke is giving away his list-building software for free at Derrick Van Dyke is giving away his list-building software for free at Derrick Van Dyke is giving away his list-building software for free at The resident dyke at work is so fucking annoying. Drives me up the wall. Shut the hole in your face. 's a dyke. A friend is what the needs all the time. -Henry Van Dyke This here Detroit 16 mile Rd is that away! Now exiting the maple bus! @ Van Dyke (Harper) Van Dyke (Harper). lolol What kind of person is a Libtard dyke who race baits just so she could feel morally superior? How pathetically racist do you have to be, to be a Libtard dyke who accuses everyone of racism everytime Barky f#cks up? with a dyke
David Griffin's New Book Exposes a 'New Leviathan' - The People's Voice (blog) Michael Moore's new film entitled, "Capitalism: A Love Story" is out today. It exposes the evils of American Capitalism..GO SEE IT!! The Retired Millionaire Exposes Everything! Neurodiversity Weblog exposes fake autism charity: "money-churning operation masquerading as a philanthropy" GBPUSD: Continues to trade sideways as it finds Fibo at 1.5789-38.2% of 1.3657-1.7052.Break below exposes 200-Day SMA at 1.5434 The Retired Millionaire Exposes Everything! Australian news exposes danger of lap band surgery like i said...if you take hope after hearing his speech that exposes a ton about the left Batman Arkham Asylum ~~ 2009 ~~ Repack ~~ 3.72 Gb: Batman Arkham Asylum ~~ 2009 ~~ Repack ~~ 3.72 GB Batman: Arkham Asylum exposes playe.. The Retired Millionaire Exposes Everything! CC Insider: Jon Exposes CNN's Texting and Driving Silliness Pamphlet Exposes Contraception's High Stakes -- Brooke Shields pic exposes real/online rift - Register David Letterman Exposes Plot, Staffer Sex to Late Show Audience: David Letterman took to the air last.. love theme for because he exposes his wit in bite size bits daily. No sh*t ACORN Scandal Exposes Democrat Corruption. There's nothing crazy about that at all exposes them to college early. ACORN Scandal Exposes Democrat Corruption. Europe Exposes Russia's Guilt in Georgia - Daily Show exposes absurdity of current climate and clean energy debate (awesome) Who prays for you, who is there for you, who sends you love and light? exposes you to of you that you once tried to fight I think that pic exposes fraudulant use of The J. Something's missing. Maybe it's lost? *looks very closely* Yep. Not there cus that's my hunny cool && fun... but dun front or kum out ya face cus he exposes bitches lol Journey to Tanzania: Exposes Epidemic of Albino Killings Journey to Tanzania: Exposes Epidemic of Albino Killings: ABC News I packed a huge duffel bag full of .. Nancy Wu, Yumiko Cheng almost exposes themselves during performance - Lake Serene drained Maintenance work exposes broken valve Journey to Tanzania: Exposes Epidemic of Albino Killings Journey to Tanzania: Exposes Epidemic of Albino Killings Letterman writes a phony $2 Million to arrest Whistleblower exposes Obama idolatry vid & they try to attack WB Journey to Tanzania: Exposes Epidemic of Albino Killings: ABC News I've seen and deprivati.. Tht's because the truth exposes reality and doesn't stroke egos or sugar-coat problems Brian Gardiner exposes a nanny-state insanity Brian Gardiner exposes a nanny-state insanity Journey to Tanzania: Exposes Epidemic of Albino Killings - ABC News: ABC NewsJourney to Tanzania: Repo.. Check this video out -- Jane Burgermeister Exposes NWO Vaccine Depopulation Agenda September 2009 Journey to Tanzania: Exposes Epidemic of Albino Killings - ABC News This just in: Celebrity Roundup: David Letterman exposes plot Kanye and Gaga call it quits! OCLM News: Lake Serene drained Maintenance work exposes broken valve That alleged blackmailer was a exec producer for 48 hrs which does exposes about this kind of thing is ironic icing on the scandal cupcake. Uchiha Madara exposes himself to the Kages??? WTF? O_O Very Powerful Scripture Exposes Those Who Contradict: Get The Lake Of Fire Series. A Good man exposes the evil entity that is Common Purpose sosumi is a mobileme scraper that exposes find my iphone functionality to the command line Woody Exposes His Title Methodology. Too Cool! Walking shadows: David Brooks exposes the myth of Limbaugh and Beck... they're the men behind the the .. Chemist Exposes Health Myths & Gives Answers. ACORN Scandal Exposes Democrat Corruption
FORD SERVICE DELIVERY NETWORK LEVERAGES THE 'CLOUD' TO PUSH REAL-TIME INFO TO SYNC USERS: Ford acclimates to th.. FORD SERVICE DELIVERY NETWORK LEVERAGES THE 'CLOUD' TO PUSH REAL-TIME INFO TO SYNC USERS: Ford acclimates to th.. This a common phenomenon when Web sites change. Everyone hates it for a while, then acclimates. Out of Africa '85- Baroness, Streep, acclimates then experiences syphilis, love, loss & acceptance in Africa. Lacks tension, decent film...
!!! no reason it can't be by and for africa. with some heftily marked-up trade to europe, of course. ;) Still giggling about the cymbalist mentioned on radio 4 with a melancholy face and heftily bandaged nose! Type 4. Quite a military theme to this shit; a camouflage pattern green and brown, heftily discharged with the sound of distant fire. Really really really glad I've taken a week off, I'm heftily enjoying it! Cannot wait for the cinema tonight where I shall get to munch heftily on salty popcorn. :D
Savin the Boobies!! Please Ladies go get ya boobs felt up so you can keep em till your 80!!...in your pockets!! hahahaha! Seriously tho...:) Deep Purple, deep pockets - praise for Rock Aid fundraiser: ON DECEMBER 7, 1988, the Australian environment cam.. I went from having a stak to my pockets bein flat lmfaoooo About to eat some Hot Pockets!! Sounds awesome right aboot now! Apple need to get at me on a deal for marketing. I been puttin $ on they pockets now it time to return the favor lil Local kids cheerleading team are dancing in the street to raise money for uniforms. Cuteness = pockets emptied New FOCUS Blog Post: Impacting Our Pockets & Our Planet Through Greener Choices: Making mor.. No pockets? No problem! try this--> ;-) Sucks when u aint got no pockets!!! :P Because you have no HOT POCKETS! to help you focus. Last week we had practice and it was getting pretty chilly. A: 'Don't worry Peter. I have pockets." A heated discussion on pockets ensued. NEW FAT FISH MUSIC VIDEO JUST IN!!! POCKETS ON SWOLL **WATCH NOW** ***RE TWEET!!!! My parents didn't save any toys... AND my girls aren't into Barbies, yet. Polly pockets! I love reaching into my pockets and finding money. when you dig in ya pockets and all you find it lintballz btw it was 100 million most of which wld have gone directly in2 daley's cronies pockets not the streets. The IOC is one of the most corrupt organizations in You know Rio lined their pockets with under the table to win. it damn sure is I just paid my shit today smh pockets empty I cut down our gas bill by 50%(2 months in a row).More money in my pockets for shopping LOL but by charging you to learn...isn't he causing the problem and not looking out for his viewers but his own pockets? There are many reasons why people have $0 in their pockets.. for example they spent too much on the thing they like. eating some hot pockets before going to work... nice... :: You want to check my pockets now hun? :: Hey Small Ladies: there is a REALLY cute vintage dirndle style with pockets (blue & white) at Lux Fashion Lounge, I put it on end cap! cant wait till 2morro iam going shopping and making sure that my parents wont have anymore money left in there pockets hehehe SALE - Black Travel Carrying Case for Nintendo Wii with extra pockets - NOW $14.94 Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty can do that. - Norman Vincent Peale I love my trench coat. Keeps the wind and the rain out, and I can carry books in the pockets! Off to buy black pants w/ enoug pockets to fit her tools and grocery shopping HOT! They don't call em Hot Pockets for nuthin. Heading to Shady Maple for a feast so a "lean pocket" is my lunch. U already kno thisMoney I controls this 750 No TintsSteering like a GoldFishRoley das a gold wristChromy das a .45 Pockets known to h Idk why that made me laugh out loud forreal somebody just came in and asked "where yall jackets with two pockets?" -_- and ps keep tweeting I have no pockets so my phone is in my BRA on vibrate he he quite nice There still going to push through a gov plan just U wait. It is scarey.Polosi-Baucas-Obama-all nonAmericans.For there pockets.SCREAM NOW i thought he had no wallet and his trouser pockets are shown up well they were when he played at Essex so the rumore went jeez... Finnaly... I was trying to snoop at ur pockets but u took to... Ewww! What's that on ur left pocket??? ima keep climbin up tha latta, yall will neva stop my swagga, all dis petty chitta chatta gne only make my pockets fatta! *B0NG* :) check it yo! NEW FAT FISH MUSIC VIDEO JUST IN!!! POCKETS ON SWOLL **WATCH NOW** ***RE TWEET!!!! More pockets then traditional photo vests, smaller pockets it seems.. doesnt scream photo but holds filters, etc.. I like it :-) Hood hero flyer than nathan/plus ma is da bomb i call her napalm/yes, u kw ma pockets lyk raekwon/got da game wrappd lyk sprain arms 3 hours til the patron flows of ya pockets nigggaaaaaa lol -u buyin again tomorrow in sin city lol hot pockets are the shit!!!!!!! NEW FAT FISH MUSIC VIDEO JUST IN!!! POCKETS ON SWOLL **WATCH NOW** ***RE TWEET!!!! These Garlic Chicken Pizza Lean Pockets may be the greatest thing ever Niggas want me to ROAR up on they ask don't ask me FOR SHIT. 2nd when I say NO don't get2 pattin my fucken pockets tryna count my via Gotta love the priorities.pad your buddies pockets while the economy sinks. 3 hours til the patron flows of ya pockets nigggaaaaaaaa lol I hope the 2.5 hrs I'm about to spend in the mall won't break my pockets! NEW FAT FISH MUSIC VIDEO JUST IN!!! POCKETS ON SWOLL **WATCH NOW** ***RE TWEET!!!!
Did Bagpipes originate in Scotland? Nope!! Today's "Betcha Didn't Know" is only 2 songs away. Go ahead and tune in at Metlife. I'm a wholesale coordinator. I got my real estate license and used to originate and process for years. I like fashion to go down into the street, but I can't accept that it should originate there. Coco Chanel Contrary to what most believe, evolution did not originate with Darwin. The concept of evolution is an ancient... Where did that originate? Did the term 'goober' originate with The Andy Griffith Show? Hey wats up Ardi - where u frm - Africa - O ur a cousin of mankind - So people did originate there - interesting!!! Hey what's up Ardi, nice to meet you - Where you frm? Africa - O you're a distant cousin of mankind? Cool so ppl did originate in Africa- The 2 Bibles , in manuscript form , and their corresponding ideologies originate in 2 vastly different locations in the Mid East. Alexandria I was relieved. Last week, my mom was watching an older-than-Kwai Hitchcock film and the song was in that. Where did that tune originate???? LMAO! "I come from a land down under...." where the merkins originate from too... like, WAYYY down under.... like Tasmania! Q1: In which year did Bushmills originate? Remember to DM your answers to if I'm wrong my dear,but didnt that legend of originate in Virgina?Cause either or our parents were trying to scare us was left sullen and devastated by the lack of tweets that didnt originate from becus of his lack of presence at balenciaga was left sullen and devastated by the lack of tweets that didnt originate from becus of ur lack of presence at balenciaga " to originate a communication, and timber is laid in the walls, the work of mine hands, as we shall see hereafter, one gives away too much And it's true, 99% of all problems originate from miscommunication and unspoken expectations. Business is almost like reallife :-) :P but where did tht thought originate frm? Where did the phrase, "we're all just doing the best we can," originate? Problems always originate from other people. Never us. Silat jg bukan batik form" did not actually originate from Indonesia. But the name 'batik' may be. Stay objective & well ... True love is not an impulse, but a divine principle, a permanent power. The unconsecrated cannot originate or produce it. i forget, does 10/2 originate from the day you were diagnosed, or became a survivor? 6: there is more genetic variation in Sub-Saharan Africa than the rest of the WORLD, COMBINED ! (bcuz this is where humans originate) i be wondering where and by whom do these trending topics originate from..? "there is no knowledge that is not power" at the beginning of UMK3, where'd that originate from? just an old midway proverb? Which network news will originate from Chicago for IOC vote on 2016 Games? random trivia- Where did glassblowing pipes meant for smoking weed originate from?? From which country did the holiday of Halloween originate? What was the festival it was said to be born from called? where did the easter bunny originate from Silly question....where did this 'excite' thing originate? I really dont get it ...just curious Which network news will originate from Chicago for IOC vote on 2016 Games? Sumatra - Why do so many Tsunamis originate from sumatra? - But the point is where does the rumour originate? They are coming from red-baiting seems to originate in the anckles they are a bit swolen is the bees' knees, which originate from bees' thoraxes/thorax/thoraxi(?). Red hair can originate from several different changes on the MC1R-gene. It is caused by a recessive relatively rare gene. cool, but how did topics originate & how to make new ones? // interesting UI for commenting around topics Seat of Government = The of the anatomy where most Congressional ideas originate. Hey from where did this originate? This has been weighing heavily on me all day. We originate, underwrite and close all our in-house. Rates are great right now! No cost to prequalify. Great ideas originate in the muscles. - Thomas A. Edison Hi David How did the MTP sign off (If it's Sunday....) originate ? Was it Tim that it ? question: Where did the nickname "Ash the Cash' originate from?- Gemma, UK Method from many disciples. Helps neurological injuries, injury prevention/recovery,athleticism. Originate: 1940s. Method from many disciples. Helps neurological injuries, prevent and recover from injury, athleticism. Ms.Carmona said we are Hispanic and we originate from "his panic" mans panic lmao wtf is she talking about Great ideas originate in the muscles. -Thomas Alva Edison
im jus chillin watchin dis fite on fbook, still braiden ma hair wa yu duin ma? yeah that is the main here, then they have 21 other Darling Tennis Center ya dig? Nice! Where are you taking lessons? I've been considering it too since I'm near GoodLife's with How is bilas gonna call one of the best rebounders in the country when he's not even the best rebounder at the 6 pack Will SCOTUS choose to protect minority rights? The and Privacy - Canadian show testicles,order of"alleged"Italian mobster.Guess no race card for Riccardo? next time im in the u gettin banged on easy....... but wat y'all gettin into tonight? Yups. time to hit the and sweat it out? you going? whats wrong cass? i think you should let out all your anger and frustration on the squash today with us. =D "IN WHO DO WE TRUST WHEN THE ARE INJUST?" ~Aileen Acevedo "IN WHO DO WE TRUST WHEN THE ARE INJUST?" ~Aileen Acevedo where are u tailgating? im goig to the redbull by the tennis (i have tickets) and then the game... Polanski should have to face the again I am just up in George Can we coffee next week? UN Rights of the child to be imposed on us thru the Do you agree with intent to undermine the parents? -- fakeaccounts?! faketweets?! OMG! Could starhub bring back the "Starhub Get 2 Great Phone at $0 at promotion again? I of missed it. and I'm talking about out of school also, in real life.... Say curfew, some have struck it unconstitutional. Hmm? Haha Can this PLEASE stick in the I'd feel so much less backwoods-y about living in TX Thanks! :) Friends? They've been stalking me awhile. I figured that I'd be nice, since the are protecting me from them. JK! hey... when are we hitting the tennis with our Ray of Sunshine? He should know we call him that.. Speaking of lawyers & When is it appropriate to sue in Small Claims A lawyer's perspective lol polk county crack me up, we know everyone in their stupid classes... does it help to hang out with your old crackhead friends???? Same old shit run the and they still hate. Can't we just be friends? Nah bitch. Its time for thai tea! I miss you guys!! :( What are you doin besides hanging around empty tennis ? LOL Love 15. does slu have indoor tennis Relevant Update: How do cameras in the arouse controversy about the right of privacy? What? Arming the "All the elements of high drama are there." - BAE, corruption & cleaning up -Lockheed again? where are the and judges and appeals today! Home for 40 minutes then out the door again ... Time to breathe ... umm ... what's that? Giving a talk this arvo to staff about and Any examples of elsewhere doing good stuff in this space? Samantha Geimer Victim: did more harm than Polanski - What do other survivors think/feel? Is it true the can now serve via twitter? Does this mean my delivery via roller skates is history? If tennis is your thing, do you know if there are tennis near the home you are buying? w But honestly, who wouldn't choose buttercream frosting over the Magistrates Act of 1980?? It's a no brainer. At least it is at 11pm. who you playing with? what level and what good luck! if i recall... my serve is the one that is Are there no indoor to practice? Know what city's school district 1st filed suit vs NCLB? Take our quiz on US involvement in education: Who says are old fashioned?? ordered served over twitter! Hittin the after work..who wana come get destroyed?! <<<yes DESTROYED! lol.. Watch Cdn Slap on wrist? Community work w kids?|Toronto teacher faces child-sex charges What was the well for me the biggest news has probably been the turning down Jim Balsi ... Sounds like there's still a bit of water on the we may need to run to navid's get the squeegees for a bit. Who's in tonight? Mainers,Ted King needs your help. Anyone know any indoor tennis in Lewiston-Aubrn? Rainy but still need to win a bet. Anyhow don't deliver mi fridge!!!!!! Yo!!! When dem close?! 630? 5:28 I'm goin to tek back mi money!!!! Dem fassi! no a cst called in name PUNNANI WTF?? lol! This lady on Divorce name is "Chiffawn" Wow! HoW TheY HaD a GuY OuTsIde dE GiVIn ERRy1 TheSe PaMPhLeTs TaLki BoUt HoW 2 Be SaVed N If U ShUd Die 2DaY WEa Wud U SpenD EtErnItY?SmH What about what Ed said about people manipulating Anyone know of any indoor tennis in the Lewiston-Auburn area? I hear there's some rain in the forecast but still need to win a bet.
Q- Why are husbands like lawn mowers? A- They're hard to get emit foul odors, and don't work half the time! Maybe the turbines could emit a low-level sonic signal that discourages a bat's approach? course. It's music emit. I'm der Chicago didn't get the Olympics; it appears all Obama accomomplished was expand his carbon footprint & have AF 1 emit GHGs into atmosphere. How Do I Continuously Project Or Emit My Aura Or My Psychic Energy?: I really need more energy and more confide.. I would love to measure the radiation that the two of you emit... Right now, nuclear power is stymied by regulation and fear. But fact remains that reactors might emit radiation, but no CO2. Deep breath. Switch off Mac. Emit small sigh. The EPA has finalized their Greenhouse Rule requiring all facilities that emit more than a when the cells in our bodies change, they emit a scream. Goes to show that change is inherently painful. So we can relax with what we feel. New blog post: Global Carbon Budget: WWF shows how much we cn still emit & how 2 share in a fair way food inc-eric schlosser, michael pollan and others emit us where our food really comes from and show how the animals are raised, slaughtered Q- Why are husbands like lawn mowers? A- They're hard to get emit foul odors, and don't work half the time! cow's pollute 18% of the world's carbon dioxide levels, cows emit more greenhouse gases than cars, planes and other combined - lol New blog post: Global Carbon Budget WWF shows how much we can still emit and how to share in a fair way New blog post: Global Carbon Budget: WWF shows how much we can still emit and how to share in a fair way just got back from emit youth church, had a great time sharing God's Word! :) he is awesome! !kcab thgif sredeeps hctaw ot emiT New blog post: Global Carbon Budget: WWF shows how much we can still emit and how to share in a fair way ---> first: answers ~~> sey , morp tghin..... Lol ym tsrif n tsal emit...reven niaga .. Q- Y r husbands like lawn mowers? A- They're hard 2 get emit foul odors & don't work half the time! honey, it's because you totally emit love!!! it comes right back at ya ;-) enjoy your month you beautiful woman you! BlackBerry & Motorola emit highest levels of radiation according 2 a from environmental working group Would like an invention that when turned on allowed me sing at the top of my lungs but not emit a sound. Want: govt emit gold standard money,but also encourage multiple competing currencies,enforce transparency(no moral hazard FDIC). extjs is the whole front end of a project I work on. The controllers emit JSON, and the rest is Javascript. Kinda neat, actually. leave a slime trail everwhere you walk or continually emit exhaust fumes? Granite counter tops emit radon? Who knew? Thinking of putting in recycled glass counter top in our new house. Anyone have "green" kitchen? Forced to emit hapless, drossy barber small talk, with sharp metal blades hovering just millimetres above your head at over 150 miles/hour. See, when lefty scum cook tonight, they'll use electricity or gas. Both burn, yes? Both emit, yes? But that's OK, so long as the lefty's fed That's why solar cars will be hard to sell, until they can emit a big "VAROOM" sound and go 0-60 in less than 10 seconds. the aura which you emit. init. interesting. Which Cell Phones Emit the Most Radiation Green Tip of the Day: Use electric-powered lawn equipment! The EPA estimates that gas mowers emit as much toxins per hour as 11 to 34 cars. babies' laughter: does it emit too much carbon dioxide? these are excellent points. EPA now requires a permit to emit so-called greenhouse gases. Waiting for EPA to require people wear charcoal lined underwear! emit i lyke u U.S. EPA said 9/30 that power plants will need construction & operating permits if they emit more than 25k tons of GHG a year tuhs eht kcuf pu ouy diputs rehtom rekcuf ruoy bmud rof gnikat eht emit ot daer siht ahahahah ... I don't need power to send tweets... I have enough adorable cuteness to emit 140 characters... Or less... So. How many a day must it take to emit the fragrace of ashtray that can be noticed from 3 meters away? coolio! now we need to make DSpace and Fedora emit it Correct U develop chaos, emit harsh criticism, continuously snapping sarcastically,& ur beastly. Hence ur a MATURE ass. "I accidentally threw my pudding on the floor today" Emit Gnitsaw CxO's of polluters should be forced to breath the air they emit from their stacks and drink their own waste water... IMHO. Already US polluters fight back for unfettered right to emit pollution and grnhouse gases: see tday's NY Times-John Broder
incrivel small town Brazil used 'marihuana' to cure without knowing that the plant was prohibited that is a lot of prohibited stuff the meeting will be held at HSC on sunday, clothing prohibited lol Twitter prohibited in the NBA. Ah? (Spanish. Yeah I'm strange like that) Did you know that obama wants to make us a socialist country so that re'll all be federal employees and prohibited from texting and driving? I've been prohibited from working on the deck while Chimpy is at school. Small town in the interior of Brazil used 'marihuana'cure without knowing that the plant was prohibited small town in the interior of Brazil used 'marihuana'cure without knowing that the plant was prohibited Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there? Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there? Another thought of the day, "Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there?" Bruno feelings: Disgusting. Good think movie is prohibited in UA. Postsoviet mentality wont be able to take in that. Oct. 2 - Election signs prohibited in right-of-way: In my line of work it would be very difficult, if not specifically prohibited. Tweeting & drinking should be prohibited! Haha Let B reg that only in ths countr, b/c of AH1N1 they say, prohibited 2 sell a f%&% warm lemonade in powdr w/o a medical recipe... I thought we agreed that the use of that word was prohibited...lol ~ 1200 VPD cops are prohibited from taking any time off for 3 months pre & post Olympics. Yes we r pissed! Rich boys get richer So if you have a license you can take your gun to the state fair but forks are prohibited........hmmmm Just posted on ActiveRain: Austin, Texas - Cell Phone Use Prohibited in School Zones Muslims are allowed four marriages but suicide is prohibited! Opponents prepare for online gaming battle: Online gambling is prohibited by federal law under the Unlawful Int.. This disc currently prohibited for this action. I'm hatin' myself, because crying is prohibited but I'm still doing it. Civil Aviation Dept warns kite flyers in prohibited airspace surrounding the Brunei International fine up to $3000 In Mongolia, pubs and restaurants are prohibited from serving alcohol on the first day of the month. In Mongolia, pubs and restaurants are prohibited from serving alcohol on the first day of the month News & Info: Feds prohibited from texting while driving > Found on Fedscoop: Feds prohibited from texting while driving: Effective immediately, all fed.. Muslims are allowed four marriages but suicide is prohibited! Muslims are allowed four marriages but suicide is prohibited! Found on Fedscoop: Feds prohibited from texting while driving: Effective immediately, all fed.. Found on Fedscoop: Feds prohibited from texting while driving: Effective immediately, all fed.. Hafiz & Asyraf's open house. So many schoolmates came over. I was prohibited to ask my clicks or friends to come by. Kawan KakMya ramai sgt Comment on Beyonce Humps the Air in Singapore for F1 of the Day by Nelly: The sale of gum is prohibited in Sing.. - Do u know that vkontakte.ru falls under the Prohibited Content Categories of the UAE's Internet Access Manage ... Everything's prohibited for the inhibited. The fact that this holds true only makes me fall much harder for you. says, I so hate it! I didn't see in the flyer that taking pictures is prohibited when inside the theater. I wanted to have a pic w/ him! Civil Aviation Dept warns kite flyers in prohibited airspace surrounding the Brunei International fine up to $3000 2/5- Laylaz is in solitary &in complete isolation. Last two weeks he has been prohibited from 2/5- Laylaz is in solitary & in complete isolation. Last two weeks he has been prohibited from..#iran 2/5- Laylaz is in solitary & in complete isolation. Last two weeks he has been prohibited from..#iran Too bad taking photos was prohibited. Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there? because of the expected typhoon to hit Manila tonight, is prohibited.. Do you mean that they are prohibited from materials representing these lessons? Staff saying they can guarantee that Medicare Commission would be prohibited from changing premiums lol, my kids loved that video until my wife prohibited me from playing it cuz my younger one was reciting those surahs wrong
Many, many thanks to George Musser - His Idiot's Guide to String Theory finally made Quantum Mechanics clear to me - PHY322 did not! Yes, mabye, but i sound like an IDIOT! s; phenomonology - anyone out there in twitterverse got an idiot's guide or basic explanation I can't find the idiot's twitter name - do you know what it is, so I can excoriate him? This lawyer/idiot's ignorance is why librarians have to keep fighting for their jobs. An Idiot's Guide to Dreaming: Have yourself a Merry Merry Christmas...: The Blogging equivalent of an acid .. Just won "The Complete Idiot's Guide To Green Cleaning" from *looking around house* Wow. Need that PLUS an implementer! OK, book giveaway time. It's for a copy of The Complete Idiot's Guide To Green Cleaning. How to enter coming up in next tweet. "The Conplete Idiot's Guide To Political Deception" why did I say yes to tuesday? I'll probably look like Ishmael but without bowlingskills & Roy Munson to help me --> just a weird idiot :S Anyone have Complete Idiot's Guide to Reading a Girl's Mind? Anyone have Complete Idiot's Guide to Reading a Girl's Mind? Another good one would be 'IDIOT's Guide to using $0' The Complete Idiot's Guide to Getting Out of Debt by Ken Clark published and download here : i bet Hirst is sat there pissing himself thinking how much money he's made and what idiot's gonna buy it, 10 mins work max am so embarrassed joined Tweetdeck and haven't a clue what I'm looking at, need a manual for idiot's! I think I should download the pocket idiot's guide to getting guys app on my phone.... Interestng. Is there an idiot's non-technical way to do this? Idiot's Guide to Parenting! Series ~ The Complete Idiot's Guide to Boating and Sailing by Frank Sargeant home. listenin to music n thinkin bout him. (idiot's home, so i gotta get off iin a bit] ... home. listenin to music n thinkin bout him. (idiot's home, so i gotta get off iin a bit] ... home. listenin to music n thinkin bout him. (idiot's home, so i gotta get off iin a bit] ... "Idiot's there WILL be a king! I..Will be king!" How did you not reach through the monitor and just squeeze that idiot's neck shut? What a ma-roon. or even an idiot's for dummies guide..anything...right??? Don't let some idiot's upset you,they aren't your time.We love you and we think your amazing.Big Hugs:) is there not a "how to be the man of the house" manual? Seriously, like "Idiot's guide to making family happy?".. humph heard about that too. Hope the f^ckest typhoon will ruin that idiot's place like hell..that meanie NO eyes. ^_^ xD it's a new donut shop in the Strip. A lot of people I know were very excited about it, and then someone found the idiot's blog. The Complete Idiot's Guide to Business Success in Your 20s and 30s can be pre-ordered at Amazon for $12.78! Keep up with news by becoming a fan of The Complete Idiot's Guide to P2P Lending your retweets are fine. Don't let one idiot's complaint stop you from doing it! The Idiot's guide to changing your ink (no offense, but maybe helpful) Books Im reading: He's Just Not That Into Jews: The Mel Gibson Story, The Idiot's Guide to Anal, the novelization of Ghost Dad, and Twilight : The Complete Idiot's Guide to Geocaching (Paperback) : The Complete Idiot's Guide to Geocaching (Paperback) Al Gore is an idiot. Environmentalists are idiots. ______ is/are (an) idiot(s). (fill in the blank) Ooh, wish I'd not read the jumped-up idiot's What does he know anyway? Obviously nothing about real women! Loser!! 'An Idiot's Guide to..' translates to '...pour les Nuls' in French. Nul is zero or nothing. I love that. There are a lot of Nuls around. Investing Guides The Complete Idiot's Guide To Online Investing.............pb..........Douglas Gerlach How To Invest $50 -.. Investing Guides The Complete Idiot's Guide To Online Investing.............pb..........Douglas Ge.. It depends on the driver. Varies from "person on the line" to "some daft idiot's gone and thrown himself under a train" (really!) Some idiot's going to claim that not having a website is 'the new model' aren't they? ;) Reading about Islet in a litternet version of the NME. Some idiot's going to claim that not having a website is 'the new model' aren't they? Why do I watch scarey movies alone??? That's right cause i'm an idiot :s im sorry, let me rephrase that for idiot's. Would you like to come watch glee? Idiot's Guide to Vegetable Gardening: book giveaway: Welcome to day four of green book week, where I'm giving a.. Idiot's Guide to Vegetable Gardening: book giveaway: Welcome to day four of green book week, where I'm giving a.. The Complete Idiot's Guide to Self-Realization: The Nature of Hell: A long time ago (not in a galaxy far, f..
If your humorous comments continually go over the heads of others, you may have to accept the fact that you may not be a very funny person That almost makes me wish I still had access to the newsgroups for the humorous posts... for his inspiring, humorous for her sweet spirit for the curls. UM vs. OU preview of mine. Humorous at times, I might add: Even though the English majors are not impressed, I am quite happy with my humorous Literary Idol essay. Eat my comedy. I as price guide guidance on estate sales for a humorous spin on ecommerce My goes out to he finds the most interesting factoids. Educational and humorous at the same time! That almost makes me wish I still had access to the newsgroups for the humorous posts... i found this very humorous: Humorous, of course(?), and maybe something like Rosalie's song, with it focusing on him from Bella's PoV. I'm appalled at how so many people find rape to be acceptable these days, even humorous. Rape is a vile, traumatizing crime, not a punchline Looking for humorous, stories about miscommunication in business. DM me or Parenting Advice humorous Outrage over StackOverflow's sponsored tags is humorous. If a tiny Adobe icon showing up is *that* big a deal to you, you need a vacation. An insider's humorous take on the Hardin, MT prison takeover. ( ) gran torino is a great film. and yes, walt's racism is meant to be so outrageous that it is humorous. Reflect on life with humorous &playful, pragmatic &profound J-R quotes amidst beautiful photography to reflect on life. L.A.: ANNE KERRY FORD SINGS WEILL -His German & American songs (dramatic, romantic, humorous, political, satirical, passionate, poignant) :) So far so good w/ this follow thing. Geeky avatar: check. Good mix of tech/news/humorous tweets: check The Moved: On the Remarkable Achievements of by Amy Humorous and interesting! Hirst, Prince and Murakami this month - they interview each other and it is quite humorous...prelude to Requiem catalogues... Humorous look at fan love taken to the extreme - i have chosen to wear a humorous headpiece today Also humorous (RE: Oly.): Brazilians wax Chicago. Watching a woman walk through campus with a bucket full of tampons is strangly humorous. Looking for humorous, stories about miscommunication in business. DM me or Looking for humorous, stories about miscommunication in business. DM me or At came off and confident in the last panel. Despite some very humorous moments. Friday fun: Create a caption: Let's see who can come up with the most creative (and humorous) caption f.. *fake frown* So I should stop being humorous? Pretty sure I can't help that. I'm just naturally comedic. *grins* At all weekend so no today. came off and confident in the last panel. Despite some very humorous moments. zombieland was humorous I have had the consistently since last night. While humorous, mildly undesired for it's consistency. Friday fun: Create a caption: Let's see who can come up with the most creative (and humorous) caption f.. cuz they're the 3 craziest & humorous women on twitter by far omg i know. i dont say it actually i just find it humorous that it was trending. I find it Humorous that Obama wasted his time going to Denmark to promote Chicago for the Olympic bid then we didn't even win. DO MEXICANS ASSIMILATE? A humorous response from "Ask a Mexican" columnist Gustavo Arellano: RIP to a good meme. :( Kanye West jokes about "Ima let you finish.." are 3 weeks old and no longer humorous... ty gettin the hair done up...LONG OVERDUE!....last night was humorous! Haha hope i spelled that right =) Kanye West jokes about "Ima let you finish.." are 3 weeks old and no longer humorous... ty If u luv & enjoy reading a humorous then a lovely tweeter. I'm trying to figure out why Letterman's audience found his infidelity humorous. Where's the respect for people we supposedly love? A turn of events for my friday leads me to hanging out at the university emergency room...nothing serious..almost humorous Just Pimped: Friday, October 2, 2009: Humorous historical items, Went to IIMB for Unmaad 09 Day1.Pretty decent turnout. Watched a very humorous JAM prelims. Then got a 4th place finish in Open Quiz. Just Pimped: Friday, October 2, 2009: Humorous historical items, If u luv & enjoy reading a humorous then a lovely tweeter. Sun in 13 humorous, meditation, healing, singing, environmental EG Sun 4 Sting
"One needs to be slow to form convictions, but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest..." New Jerseyans Have The Heaviest Tax Burden In The Country- Thanks Gov. Corzine One needs to be slow to form convictions, but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds -Gandhi "One needs to be slow to form convictions, but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds." It's Gandhi's bday today. One needs to be slow to form convictions, but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds. - Mahatma Gandhi The Heaviest Matter of The Universe - Gojira I just don't understand how he failed. He brought Oprah with him. Oprah for god's sake! That's the heaviest hitter we have! NOPE! Always heaviest when I am training Weight loss program training for a half or full marathon will not work. It's something special to hear from those who have faced some of the heaviest decisions ever made. Gen Tommy Franks --- And the craziest thing that Madrid was bashed in the IOC Evaluation while Rio was the heaviest praised... The heaviest treadmill ever, was just as hard to put together as it was to get it down the steps and into the basement. - Ready to weigh what's expected to be the heaviest local giant pumpkin in NE MA The man with the heaviest camera in showbiz!-good 2 see u in Manchester will send you links to Man United interview soon-peace! One needs to be slow to form convictions, but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds. -Mah.. One needs to be slow to form convictions, but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds. -Mahatma Gandhi 1 needs 2 be slow to form convictions but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds./Gandhi/on his b-day! Jarred and I just moved a couch and a piano from one house to another next door. Heaviest thing I have ever lifted, arms are throbbing!! - a million displaced after tropical storm Ketsana dumped the heaviest rainfall on capital Manila in more than ... New Slimming / Weightloss Half Ton Mum | World's Heaviest Woman | Channel 4 New Slimming / Weightloss Half Ton Mum | World's Heaviest Woman | Channel 4 Wowowow I'm the heaviest as I've ever been. Wow. Good job me!! Mmmmmmmmvegan today One needs to be slow to form convictions, but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds. - Gandhi One needs to be slow to form convictions, but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds. - Mahatma Gandhi the heaviest rain just came, oh my goodness me. I hope I don't have to work tomorrow :) HEAVIEST RAINFALL OVER EXTREME NE VAN ZANDT - RAINS - SW UPSHUR & WOOD COUNTIES LAST NIGHT... 1 needs 2 be slow to form convictions but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds./Gandhi/on his b-day! Manila 5-8cm; heaviest rain will be to the 25cm or more thru weekend Managed to be caught in the heaviest of Sydney's rain today just as we were getting out of our taxi and into the hotel. "One must be slow to form convictions. But once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds." Gandhi Van Full Of Anvils: Van Full Of Anvils! The heaviest metalest song ever recorded! YEAH IT TOTALLY ROCKS! "One must be slow to form convictions. But once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds." Gandhi "One needs to be slow to form convictions, but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest..." God places the heaviest birden on those who can carry it's weight' it wouldnt be Friday without Joel Van Full Of Anvils! The heaviest, metalest song ever written Van Full Of Anvils! The heaviest, metalest song ever written Horsefair to hold heaviest cooking apple competition at Wisbech Apple Day : 13:01 - 02 October 2009 Belief is a beautiful armor/ That makes for the heaviest sword/ Like punchin underwater/ You never can hit who you're trying for... Super. It's 39 degrees and the heaviest thing I have not in storage is a fleece hoodie. Damn you to hell GK for delaying our closing! Manila 5-8cm; heaviest rain will be to the 25cm or more thru weekend how much rainfall is expected from Parma? The rain is moving in. The system has sped up and it looks like we'll get through the heaviest rain by the afternoon. I'm reading someone's says -kibum is the second of the heaviest drunker in suju. 1st-kangin the 3rd-kyuhyun and finally ryewook One needs to be slow to form convictions, but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds.~Mahatma Gandhi It's a day for the rain gear with the heaviest rain during the afternoon. Today's high near 60. Weekend looks good! What is the world record for heaviest bench press The Penguin To Jazz Recordings is bulkiest, heaviest book I own. It's a fantastcally good read, too. One needs to be slow to form convictions, but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds. One needs to be slow to form convictions, but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds- Mahatma Gandhi One needs to be slow to form convictions, but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds- Mahatma Gandhi
nah man plug sockets n shit! I dnt think so! Yeah, but I would need to take my eyes out of their sockets and clean them after drawing it!? :P Oh good! No power sockets on the train. Glad I bought those DVD's now!!! flight is delayed for two hours and laptop docking corner has mac-unfriendly sockets. Any Flash, ActionScript developers out there? Integrate with backend & protocols; AMF, & XML sockets. LON Going to the dentist to get my dry sockets packed, hopefully for the last time! must sleep before my eyeballs fall out of there sockets.... :| must sleep before my eyes fall out of there sockets.... :| Just ordered these as I have a habbit of dropping sockets on my mint rims! Couldnt find a uk supplier so postage My fall mix for Sockets Records Yaay, we now has lights and sockets that work upstairs. Lots of holes in the walls mind so I will have to learn how to plaster...fun! Line of the day: "I'm going to rip that shlong out of it's socket". I didn't know shlongs had sockets. Live and learn. They gave her dry sockets... Not good. Basically they can force food and bacteria where it shouldn't go... And Moses reared up the tabernacle, and fastened his sockets, and set up the boards thereof, and put in the bars thereof, Fringe Mix is BACK! Jess Matthews kills it on this one How many sockets does the average kitchen have? Lakeland offers electric coffee roaster, egg boiler, omelette-maker, soup maker... Owwww cuz her default pics makes my eyeballs pop out they sockets Just had a re-arrange of cables under my desk, currently using 11 plug sockets... it's still a mess under there cuz her default pics makes my eyeballs pop out they sockets Do I dare get my second of the day before 11? <-- if you like your eye's shaking in the sockets :) Connecting to via Unix sockets Connecting to via Unix sockets WHAT!? No one ever said anything about flushing out the sockets!? I'm sitting just behind to your right, there are sockets down the side so can in fact plug in sitting here :) Oh yes - we need power sockets in lecture halls. Or...just turn the halls into wireless chargers to get us all sparky! so we can location aware e-books to find power sockets then... *eyes drop back in their sockets* phwoar The glow of screens and blinking lights keep the dreams at bay. Batteries and wall sockets keep me company while you all sleep away. this woman makes me feel like ripping my eyes out of their sockets and try to sell them in order to get my soul back. When you run out of sockets, go into the mains. If he compliments you on your lovely eye sockets, get out of there. He sounds like a serial killer. Power sockets in the (high) ceiling. Usability? I kan't charge my gadgets. Someone's been using all the sockets around. How selfish! if you need a larger quantity of switches/sockets/lights/etc from our site, simply request for a quote via email/fax glad the NC10 has good battery life, don't need to join the scramble for the sockets at the back ;-) I like the presenter speaking right now, but the content is technically WAY deep for me. He might as well be talking "opening sockets"! surf & charge your batt at $0 at cafes with free wireless....and free usage of power sockets ;P well yes.. but sockets in the room would have been nicer - why are so many venue crap for power ...tip for the future....have some power extensions handy because there hardly any sockets in the lecture theater :) there ate two mains sockets at rear left (looking from stage) but you can't see the slides well from there :-( Surely he photoshopped his eye sockets? there's no way that looks anything like a human's. Do the sockets say anything? Lasagna was good, big (a little tiring after some time), but good. Sockets cleverly positioned on the floor. No "Call" buttons tho. The hangings of the his pillars, and his sockets, and the hanging for the gate, his cords, and his pins, And they brought the tabernacle unto Moses, the tent, and all his furniture, his taches, his boards, his bars, & his pillars, & his sockets, wonders zactly why the glove of my new car has "3 sockets for connectiing video equipment"? my eye sockets time for bed let me tell you how fun it is when your toes pop out of their sockets - not fun at all. OW. Can 2 wall power sockets be multiplied into 20 for charging cameras and notebooks? Who dares to try. grate for it, and all the vessels of the altar, And the sockets of the round about, and the sockets of the gate,
EVE Online: Dominion Launch Date Confirmed Find Out The Truth About "The Biggest Network Launch Ever" And See If It's Right For You At This Time... HOW TO: Launch Your Own Indie Journalism Site This is HOT Maria TVI EXPRESS WEBINAR NEW LAUNCH First Movers Advantage.INVITER DENISE W Isaiah's Tech: Nokia X6 Clears FCC; On Track To Launch This Year For $650: Saw him perform launch. Pretty nifty. Two words. Scrotum. Roll. Spoken one after the other, in that order. Preparing for launch...haircut cut check...a little nervousness to set in... Might be a little late with this... but very cool! Twitter to Launch User Created Follow Lists Will have to try this! - to our new brand launch MC67...67 calories...alrighta ! I created a Facebook app! Before I launch it, I need feedback. Got 2 seconds to take it? hey ladies! Burbank Savor Launch is Oct. 14th. RSVP @ click on "View All Local Events." This Delta 4 rocket launch photo is incredible. Getting the pic destroyed the lens. Getting ready to launch my Dental Medical Training membership site next week. Stay tuned! We're about to launch our Crush Club! Make wine from fresh grapes. We'll be having pressing soon. Food, fun, a taste of what's to come New iPhone App Launch - Green Me. Check it out: Don't miss out on this Pre-launch, Lock in your Position for FREE.. RUMOR: Apple to Launch New Touch-Sensitive Mighty Mouse RUMOR: Apple to Launch New Touch-Sensitive Mighty Mouse RUMOR: Apple to Launch New Touch-Sensitive Mighty Mouse RUMOR: Apple to Launch New Touch-Sensitive Mighty Mouse RUMOR: Apple to Launch New Touch-Sensitive Mighty Mouse RUMOR: Apple to Launch New Touch-Sensitive Mighty Mouse RUMOR: Apple to Launch New Touch-Sensitive Mighty Mouse RUMOR: Apple to Launch New Touch-Sensitive Mighty Mouse had a blast! Thanks to everyone who came out to the SF book launch last night, and to Adobe for hosting! Watching Failure to Launch and doing some homework! I love Zooey Deschanel! Attended book launch WHEREVER THERE'S A FIGHT by ACLUers Elinson & Yogi. History of civil in CA since gold rush. 5 yrs to make. Instant Forex Profit System - Crazy Launch Of A Crazy Software. Melrose Rocks!, win a trip to the LA store launch visit to enter traveling 1000 miles to see STS-129 launch. Oh please, forces of science and nature, let 'em send that baby up first try! This Insane Photo Destroyed a Camera Lens - Delta 4-Heavy rocket launch HTC Imagio on Verizon pre-launch video: Hands-on: There are lots of different people out there all with there o.. McLeod Cancer Center is pleased to announce the launch of our new blog. Visit the blog, and read guest blogger... Them Crooked Vultures Launch U.S. Tour Just Released: Seco's Fall Product Launch featuring new products as well as extended ranges of existing products. PDQ Makes Product Launch Event Viewable Online: PDQ officials said they incorporated a lot of customer feedback.. CONGRATS. We are giving you backdoor pass for the Launch for ... Well done Harsh! but damn, ps3 is better than xbox now, it might not have been at launch, but they are just milking halo, i hate microsoft >.> Melrose Rocks, win a trip to the LA store launch visit to enter Next week check out the launch of blog about eco and green issues. Join us October 7th at [Inside] the Ford from 6-9pm for the 2009-10 season launch and help us produce... MLM Webinar Tip: Launch a Strong Follow-up Process. For details, check my blog at (SPW Release) The Council and U.S. of Energy Launch New PSAs to Help Create.. Launch @ oleary's bar followed by clubbing with friends @ butter and ending the night with Mcnuggets. Perfect way to end the week. - Getting Set for the Launch:
seriously, do you see any resemblance? Do YOU see any resemblance with Boeing's concepts? was it bad? Did u manage 2 stick 2 sum resemblance of contingancy plan? or were u runnin round like u'd bin let out 4 the day? Ever seen the Vampire Diaries? Call me crazy but I notice a slight resemblance between main vampire hottie Paul Wesley and The glasses?! There's actually a resemblance...I'm not kidding. brilliant new name for Anderson in our house..on account of his resemblance to Eastender's Peter Beale!!! Agree?!?! does have a twitter account?She is great with Rush.Thanks Susan...many..are thinking the same thoughts. Have you met my great great great x 3000 grandmother? People say we have a striking resemblance Completely have no idea on who the mystery Superstar is. Gone through all three brand pages and see no resemblance. Any clues? Loooooooool surprising resemblance huh ? ;p Ha! Is the Bay's new Olympic logo trademark infringement? (only if the Post skews the image for added resemblance) Palin's Revenge: Who's Laughing Now?: Now correct me if I am wrong, but didn't I hear the Jurassic media bury t.. Good luck buddy! Are u sure that Croatian cowboy isn't you? the resemblance is uncanny "can you provide an example?" ok, now you're playing games & being ridiculous. if u need definitions, consult a dictionary well, I don't want to be using immature scatological language...can you provide an example? if left out the it was a ...what did you mean...they were indeed your own words? there was no sent me my own tweet. lol...I don't communicate well...I was directly retweeting you what did you mean? are cons becoming like typical left in use of immature scatological language? you don't communicate well. was your last tweet to me of of my tweet an answer, a statement, what? can give me a clue as to what u r talking about? I don't understand your insult. What is happening 2 conservatives? Referring 2 First Lady using the language of a low-life rapper?Express UR disgust with some dignity Jon Ying on the about us page bears a striking resemblance to Emotion Eric Have I uncovered his true ID? lol is it just me, or does that person bare a striking resemblance to brad pitt? You don't like her. me either. Pero may resemblance kayo seriously. You want me to make names nalang. AJolie.oh davah? trulili? Why don't you try eeet! davah? And take note may resemblance kayo ni Kim Kardashian. No jokes! cousin z swings by: family resemblance? Haha! Nice - see the resemblance? - see the resemblance? Coincidence? - The new logo for the men's Olympic hockey team bears a remarkable resemblance to ... - lmfao .. does anyone see any resemblance?! Two shots for each of you, coming right up. (In R. Montalban voice) say, are you two sisters? The resemblance, it is striking Is it me or does Jon Gosselin's attorney Mark Heller look and sound like Al Pacino? I don't know...the resemblance is uncanny Townsend lookin like Sammie in this movie lmao. Yall see the resemblance? Anyone else think Lady Gaga shares some resemblance to Alice Cooper? <--- I think Alice looks better. I know he sings better. mojojuju Anyone else think Lady Gaga shares some resemblance to Alice Cooper? [sometimes] Swine Flu Check - Look in the mirror, then look at this pic - do you see a resemblance? Shame! Coincidence? The new logo for the men's Olympic hockey team bears a remarkable resemblance... - hahah yup. do you see a resemblance? :P Coincidence? - The new logo for the men's Olympic hockey team bears a remarkable resemblance to ..... Politics blog: Coincidence? - The new logo for the men's Olympic hockey team bears a remarkable resemblance to the ... Striking resemblance, absolutely. Kinda eerie. Maybe his brother's an actor? he gave u one chip?..I gave a mouse one chip before!...see the resemblance?? Kim, serious. You have a striking resemblance to Kate Walsh on "Private Practice". Have you been told that before by others? True colours?: Canada's official Olympic team logo bears a remarkable resemblance to the Conservative of Canada.... True colours?: Canada's official Olympic team logo bears a remarkable resemblance to the Conservative of Nike has released a new shoe called the lights". See the resemblance? Come to Fairbanks and see the... [pic] Bureau Blog: True colours? Canada's Olympic team logo bears a remarkable resemblance to the Conservative logo. Now that I've done it, I want to figure out how the Technobots would work in TFA. Given Lightspeed's resemblance to Blurr.. attempted clone?
light lighter lightest dark darker ebony This sounds like a cool alarm clock app.Wakes you up when you are in the lightest sleep phase.Might give it a go Mini: Lightest Paintball Marker: on ORbike Sat Sun: Sidi, Chrome, urban fixed bikes, mtb, pedals, new racks, videos, world's lightest helmet Somehow I lost weight...I'm at the lightest I've been since like 2 yrs ago. I'm going to keep this going :) Same here. I am the lightest packer in life... Which leads to me shopping everywhere I go. (ulterior motives) :) I just post Globe Introduces modu: The Lightest Fashion Heavy-hitter on Girlchild sleeps in lightest pjs she can find, then complains of cold. What are they teaching them in school these days? Kubica should go to the lightest team on the gread ;] Look how tall this nigga is and he picking up the lightest shit punk bitch Wrestlers are to wear the lightest and they own for the test and bring $10 to pay for the test! Primi: The lightest potato gnocchi, mixed wild mushrooms, mascarpone and aged pecorino Favourite browsers of the day: Safari on MacOS and Chrome on Windows, the lightest and fastest so far. Emergency browser: Firefox. I might be the world's lightest sleeper. I can hear a pin drop in my sleep; when somebody is snoring their head off, I can't sleep. Like now man I aint tryna get no big shit. besides that's the lightest of my body lol i hate that, when you wanna like stay in the lightest of your house and shit and you dont wanna go to the other Lightest I've ever packed in my life and I don't even give a fuck if I forgot anything. I need to sleep this bullshit off. So my one cousin Kate tryin to get me to go to like a tannin bed cuz I'm the lightest 1 in the fam it will b a cold day in b4 that happens time to research!! lalalala seriously i think research is the lightest of the job. Mavic Shoes and Pedals in stock today! One of the lightest, most (and most visible) shoes on the... Clinique Even Better foundation works almost too well.. my skin is now paler than the lightest shade :/ time for a tan - come on summer! My bag is always lightest on Fridays no gym so no gym clothes and No spanish so no spanish textbook. Lishma is bent off the lightest drink on the menu I may have lightest hair color that I've ever had...nervous (no it's not blonde) That's like the lightest update EVER. I say the phone after updating! Mostly just sleep deprived from monthly pain & sharing a studio while A. is still on UK time. I'm the World's Lightest Sleeper. err duh hince my mom LOL she ain't the lightest but damn! If she ain't mixed up! Photo Recovery from Pentax *ist D Digital Camera: The 6.3 mega pixel Pentax *ist D is the smallest and lightest.. We'll see how you feel about preg tests when you're staring at one solid line, and the faintest, lightest 2nd line ever. Saw a billboard for "The lightest beer in the world" -- did they mean "the most alcoholic water in the word"? Check out the lightest cleat in the game - adidas phenom lightening Last night I saw a nicca tryna knack the fests wit a fake ass bb simon and the lightest trophy on his neck! Looks delicious! This chiffon cake is possibly the lightest you can ever eat Omg. I want to draw darker so bad but he's like, "Not yet! So close." What does that even mean? I have THE lightest drawing in the class. :| the ones that are the lightest.. This chiffon cake is possibly the lightest you can ever eat This chiffon cake is possibly the lightest you can ever eat What??? I like the red, I like the red! I woke up this morning to blonde hair. It's like the lightest strawberry red Mini: Lightest Paintball Marker: I woke up this morning to blonde hair. It's like the lightest strawberry red you could ever imagine, and it's softer than it's ever been. Photo Recovery from Pentax *ist D Digital Camera: The 6.3 mega pixel Pentax *ist D is the smallest and lightest.. Photo Recovery from Pentax *ist D Digital Camera: The 6.3 mega pixel Pentax *ist D is the smallest and lightest.. Photo Recovery from Pentax *ist D Digital Camera: The 6.3 mega pixel Pentax *ist D is the smallest and lightest.. Bought a brand new MacBook Pro today, the lightest and cheapes one! 13-inch, 2.26GHz Core2Duo, 2GB RAM, 160GB hd. Will replace hd with SSD!
Inspirational Composer Peter Link's latest release 'Much Ado About Nothing - THE SCORE'!! Sorenson Squeeze 5 Shipping with Avid Media Composer- Seamless Editing, Encoding & Publishing Workflow A closer look into Avid Media Composer 4.0 Meet new composer Emily Howell. She's a computer. New composer wants to make music for WOW! USA: Composer Mimis Plessas in New York Which composer from COT's 2010 season is your fav? Tell us on our Facebook poll:: composer from COT's 2010 season is your fav? Tell us on our Facebook poll:: First cool post: HOWTO use SRM View Composer together (includes script) First cool post: HOWTO use SRM View Composer together (includes script) If ur a composer plz follow - a new publishing co. 4 young composers who want exposure & help raise $ 4 charity Currently looking through the millions (well not millions) of emails for a composer to score our latest If you are a composer please follow - a publishing co. for young composers who want exposure and help raise $charity This material is awesome...Columbia's Rare Book & Manuscript Library Acquires Papers of Composer Ulysses I bet, they (the radio station) haven't been playing any music by the John Psathas. music New composer wants to make music for WOW! ok cool, I will compile a great list of composer friends on twitter and ask them to follow you guys. Best of luck! First cool post: HOWTO use SRM View Composer together (includes script) <- cool indeed My final quote for today.....i think Lol "If a composer could say what he had to say in words he would not bother trying to say it in music" First cool post: HOWTO use SRM View Composer together (includes script) <--AWESOME!!! First cool post: HOWTO use SRM View Composer together (includes script) <--AWESOME!!! First cool post: HOWTO use SRM View Composer together (includes script) <- cool indeed Avid Media Composer 4 is here! Speed, flexibility, and rock-solid performance. FREE Keyboard & COD Training First cool post: HOWTO use SRM View Composer together (includes script) composer in residence day 3 (and last), pass-off day. It's been a great week and ready for the weekend! i just up my production company its called composer productions,llc. we got sum hot tracks i think u may like. get at me New composer wants to make music for WOW! Another Friday, another cold email from a voiceover talent/composer/writer looking to me for work. As if! Spent the early of the morning working on a HP & in Media Composer. A bit bumpy at first but soon things fell into place. Meanwhile it occurred a that Rahman is the only composer who can last all thro Liverpool Paris drive without a single track being repeated He is a Songwriter/Composer - - Creator of Future Hop [Temple of Doom Productions] early mornin recording wit the homie <<<follow him..pretty good song writer/composer... back to bitness My new composer friend! Much Love! : ) Follow my friend Howard who is a specialist in internet marketing strategy and a passionate music composer. Composer/Bandleader/Runner says putting on a big band gig isn't so different from running a marathon Are You A Insired Song Writer?Protect Your Music With BMI By Joining today.Free 2 Join As A Song Writer/Composer So ... VAIO P unable Express, and can't boot iMovie and Composer...maybe. OMG mr Apple mr Final Cut Pro himself praising a PC & Media Composer. Not at all those HP Z workstations have some zip to say the least & once I learned my way around Media Composer it was a snap. TONIGHT! The 1st composer's of the year! I'll be performing my original song, Free Falling!! :) I'm very excited :) New composer wants to make music for WOW! MindSmack Brian Rund Profile | Mix Profiles MindSmack Composer Sound Designer Engineer Brian Rund - Uzi! Thanks so much for the shout and love! A composer! Would love to tweet! Peace and Love! : ) Just had a terrific meeting with the composer for wolves.
management mistakes that can harm careers, cause IT failures management mistakes that can harm careers, cause IT failures "Ninety-nine percent of the failures come from people who have a habit of making excuses.'" -George Washington Carver Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison social media mistakes, complaints and failures - We believe we've resolved the underlying issue that caused this morning's intermittent failures. Thanks for your patience. "Don't let your victories go to your head, or your failures go to your social media mistakes, complaints and failures - Develop success from failures. Desktop computer keeps due to CPU failures. I'm afraid I'll have to say goodbye completely in a couple of days When BushFU,we admit it,but O& libs cant help themselves using Bush excuse 4there own failures Bush.there'squ Took 2 hrs for left wing loons to blame Bush for Obama's failure to secure Olympics. Dems never accept responsibility for THEIR failures. Defeat is not the worst of failures When BushFU,we admit it,but O& libs cant help themselves using Bush excuse 4there own failures Bush.there'squiteabitoffodder Chicago Realty Club Lunch. Expect 2 large bank failures in next 2 weeks. Bigger than Corus. whos failures? The first Scales of War AP has skill challenges that do interesting things like lose a surge on a failure, and failures still succeed Obama ready to tackle math, Taliban, CBS sex scandal with weekend of golf and Olympic games failures, then on to rallying Iran sanctions. Here here! Some great points as always! Bank vs. CU Failures: It's not a contest. Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.Thomas Edison Isn't your boss? Shouldn't he know your failures already? File server blew up over the weekend. Over 1000 SQL backup job failures in the inbox this morning. hate to lol at ppls failures, but. LOL. Obama, the first lady & even Oprah pitched for a Chicago Olympics & it was the very first eliminated Not even the Olympic panel cares what Obama has to say. Add 1 more to a growing list of Presidential failures. Your color contrast failures are not my section 508 issues. kthxbbqbai Medicating (Advil) for the most failure-filled meeting of career. Upside: I called the meeting, to discuss my failures, so I'm not avoiding. "To establish true self-esteem we must concentrate on our successes and forget the failures and the negatives in our lives" - Denis Waitley Bank vs. CU Failures: It's not a contest. wth 20% unpaid high amid doubt: mor cd slow recovery ACL induced network failures begin already. Are you laughing at my life failures?? The Olympics would have allowed Chicago to sweep its crime/education failures under the rug and gentrification Despite being originally released in 1999. God pitchfork you failures File server blew up over the weekend. Over 1000 SQL backup job failures in the inbox this morning. The Olympics would have allowed Chicago to sweep its crime/education failures under the rug and gentrification "Successes only last until someone screws them up. Failures are forever." H. most other epic failures dont tweet in english.prob a twitter search anomaly.or americans r dumb &need yahoo headlines 2 tell us weve failed Friday afternoon: reviewing the weeks failures, served with a warmed over feeling of emptiness. The Olympics would have allowed Chicago to sweep its crime/education failures under the rug and gentrification Eating pizza at my place with and And laughing at failures. You-know-who failures. Even the most dire of failures usually has in it the seeds of progress... 818 tweeps follow Failures remind us of our own stumbling, clay feet. Laughing at others, we but truly laugh at ourselves. File server blew up over the weekend. Over 1000 SQL backup job failures in the inbox this morning. Chicago Olympic Bid just another failure on a long list of failures for Obama. 20 programs and 20 failures, then 1 program and 1 success. See how I made $15,967 in 6 days on 20 programs and 20 failures, then 1 program and 1 success. See how I made $15,967 in 6 days on 20 programs and 20 failures, then 1 program and 1 success. See how I made $15,967 in 6 days on 20 programs and 20 failures, then 1 program and 1 success. See how I made $15,967 in 6 days on 20 programs and 20 failures, then 1 program and 1 success. See how I made $15,967 in 6 days on
Jobs for MANAGERS recently updated here on ZeonJobs I, apparently, have a knack for "wowing" managers. I agree most managers hate us realtors! And try to be as difficult as possible lol Gen Y survival skills: Learn to plan, learn your context, help managers manage you. via "From TechBargains.c OfficeMax Evania Managers Chair OM00995 $69.99 Free Shipping at Staples - Good job managers!!! Woo work time soon. Time to be straight up miserable for 5 hours. The managers are like dementors! Sucking the happiness out of you. 12 Fear-Instilling Behaviors Managers Unknowingly (or knowingly) Use in the Workplace: Hiring digital distribution Video Account Managers @ SMSS in LA - My managers got the hint I tweeted a few months ago! Yay!!! have abandoned the population they serve. C.C.C. has become a cuss word to social service case managers, frustrated by C.C.C's Just took 10 senior managers to lunch and held a literal and metaphorical finger-gun 2 one of their heads. The most talented always need.... Ignoring COW, non-impactful patches should be directed in small bites to release managers, and I doubt there would be major concerns. TPI managers are essentially paper shufflers and couriers carrying mail between TPI facilities. These folks make in the 20 to 25 IS COMPRISED OF CURRENCY MARKET ANALYSTS AND MONEY MANAGERS. OUR TEACHERS ARE ACTIVE, EXPERIENCED TRADERS I'll DM u my managers info. Always feels good to answer questions for content managers. -- connecting seed growers with land managers IS COMPRISED OF CURRENCY MARKET ANALYSTS AND MONEY MANAGERS. OUR TEACHERS ARE ACTIVE, EXPERIENCED TRADERS are all of the case managers out today??? WTF??? BI Data Warehouse Project Managers Alliance Life Sciences Consulting Group Bridgewater NJ Philadelphia PA I just had to explain what cache is to one of our project managers. um, really? Mentoring Difficult Issues session: how not to be a good mentor! Tips for managers, mentors, mentees at all levels. Ralph Cioffi's Florida fishing trip - The much awaited trial of Ralph Cioffi and Matthew Tannin, the managers of tw... Ralph Cioffi's Florida fishing trip - The much awaited trial of Ralph Cioffi and Matthew Tannin, the managers of tw... Senior Audit Managers - Excellent Work - Life Balance.. Is Facebook good for event managers?: Is Facebook good for event managers?: LifeStream Paedophile at nursery 'was not checked by staff' : Two nursery managers suspended for alle.. - and this is why me and beth should be your tour managers :D Also, - managers need to learn how to creative people effectively. I need to blog about this. Glad God is not a manager. Managers need to expend and make mistakes. God Almighty loves Jesus intercedes Graham has his moments, but I will never forget his abhorrent behavior when he was one of the Clinton impeachment managers. Recruiters/Hiring Managers, We Should Be Ashamed : ERE.net invite all the managers to podcamp and we'll have a session called "I can haz all ur Dora's now and maybe you can leave" Purchase managers index (PMI) was worse than expected Journey managers = assholes. RandOb: package managers are like bidets. they seem like a good idea until you use one. Sign up for 's 10/9 webcast with MATC on what great managers know, do, & can teach you: Isn't feelin too hot but I just saw the funniest shit Tmobile vs. Sprint lmao in the mall. The two managers were fighting over customers LOL Two managers @ scranton = Hilarious!! I'm in the next newsletter: "Real World Twitter Usage for Product Managers" - Lookin @ all 3 of my phones ring like 4mins ago! Shit ridiculous @ da same time. Labels, managers! Damn! Ralph Cioffi's Florida fishing trip: The much awaited trial of Ralph Cioffi and Matthew Tannin, the managers of.. Ralph Cioffi's Florida fishing trip: The much awaited trial of Ralph Cioffi and Matthew Tannin, the managers of.. I AM COLLECTING DROPS FOR UPCOMING MIXES AND TO ADD TO MY COLLECTION.SEND EMAIL TO
Upright Brewing 4 at Wildwood I am obsessed too- it is so interesting!! How cool is it that we've been walking upright now for 4 million years, not 3? ... winds stay strong as crews prepare to upright collapsed crane has the story Saw ENT Dr to fix my dizziness (don't u dare comment!) & have to stay semi-upright for 5 days but have OK to do Barely Legal HIM next Sat :) Awesome upright open MRI, this makes easy for everyone,provider and patient! also Upright walking would free a male hominids hands allowing him to collect and carry meat and other valuable food that he could for sex How do people sleep sat upright? Must be only person in this train carriage NOT asleep! The FX series actually looks like what I have now and It's not I want to sit upright more Practicing electric upright bass. Oh long gone orchestral skills, why hast thou forsaken me? LOL anybody have some good quality used upright bass strings to sell me? <- I'd check on TalkBass DB classifieds. For the upright will live in the land, and the blameless will remain in it; pvb Hmm sleeping upright on a cheesewagon Manchester means our heads are constantly upright...but out of choice unlike the geneticly defective Burnley folk Ardi cranial base from front to back; her head balanced atop the spine as in later upright walkers The bones of chimps, early human ancestors, and modern people reveal what it takes for us to walk upright. Dog on All Twos- Filed under: Wacky & Weird, CrittersAnimal Planet host Zak George taught a dog to stand upright on... I would have loved to try the GE low water upright but I needed to be able to do a soak and lid didn't fit under cupboard Off to the dump and then the nursery to pick up another simple plant combination: gold mop cypress, barberry and upright junipers Safco Mesh Desk Organizer with Two Horizontal and Six Upright Sections (3255BL) Safco Mesh Desk Organizer with Two Horizontal and Six Upright Sections (3255BL) Safco Mesh Desk Organizer with Two Horizontal and Six Upright Sections (3255BL) Safco Mesh Desk Organizer with Two Horizontal and Six Upright Sections (3255BL) via Early humans descended from trees and immediately walked upright: Early humans descended from trees and immediately walked upright: Early humans descended from trees and immediately walked upright: Early humans walking upright for food.... and sex? Walking Upright for 4 1/2 Million Years! The way of the Lord is strength to the upright:but destruction shall be to the workers of iniquity.~Proverbs 10:29~ .@sn0T Return your seat and tray table to the upright position, and prepare for the war on cyber terror. The new bottomless spending :) Tru dat! No man is so exquistely honest or upright in living but that in 10 times in his life he might not lawfully b hanged. Montaigne How does Brooke Shields manage to stay upright under the weight of her enormous 400 lb. lashes? Hoover U8140-900 WindTunnel VS Bagless Upright Vacuum with Powered Hand Tool, Green - $349.95. Haha, today's cookie - "A foolish man gives his wife a grand piano, a wise man gives his wife an upright organ" I am literally mdr! WE ARE SOOOO NOT ALLOWED.wait till the drinks. pls put ur seat up in the upright position its gonna get crazy Err yet again been overcome with an intense feelin of sickness did much today spent 2 much time upright just want this 2 b diagnosed & fixed WE ARE SOOOO NOT ALLOWED.. wait till the drinks. pls put ur seat up in the upright position its gonna get crazy Ardi 4.4 mya had the ability to walk upright, and was bipedal. Bipedality goes back millions of years earlier than supposed. MAKE SURE ur seatbacks and tray tables are in UPRIGHT POSITION before OPENING THIS LINK ENJOY THE FLIGHT When I'm able to remain upright instead of laying down as soon as I get home, I'll take them. I've been very sick, sorry. MAKE SURE ur seatbacks and tray tables are in UPRIGHT POSITION before OPENING THIS LINK ENJOY THE FLIGHT pls at last, the weekend descends... tomorrow morn im upside down, best make sure to stay upright tonite
When payout ratio's rise and the rise is expected to be long term, multiples shift downwards... Your following/follower ratio's not for status. The goal's dialogue, not monologue. & nail it --> Invites requested to invites given ratio's pretty bad though XD I think it's better to wait for the release. Haha. A Ratio's latest album now on Spotify: Don't see why the French banks would agree to help, they already have high capital ratio's. ESSENTIAL POST-PUNK READING! Bill Brewster y Finn Johansenn discuss A Ratio's "Sextet" (via and tomorrow, Ratio's quiche. Sharp LX-Series HDTVs with 2m:1 contrast: Okay the contrast ratio's are really getting out of hand of course they have to .. meant his (A's) point that if music was a science then minor 3rd would be a dissonance. of course it doesn't sound that way. silly ratio's I judge myself with a complicated formula involving the follower ratio's abs distance from 1.0 * number of follower / self hatred I'm at 22:12. Your ratio's better than mine. Yeah, was noticing I'm at 280 earlier. I think my ratio's a little better though... Maybe 50 real people. ha ha is one pica away from an irrational mathematical constant, & the ratio's gravity is corrupting the source code of all the serifs what chainset and casette ratio`s do you use on your cx bike as im building one now. wtf is the expenses ratio? :S So the ratio's been messed up. Another dude joined. Its 2:8 now. :-/ lol The tweet to content ratio's a bit lopsided; 8 tweets in the last 24 hours with links to a 5 episode video blog
My boyfriend has successfully me to bacon. He's a Jew too. i have finally Ben P to Rise Against hahaha :P x Thanks to & Becky for writing a great feature on our post about about Sally's gastown loft! Germany U20 3-0 Cameroon U20: Powerful Germany Exploit Cameroonian Defensive Lapses: Germany their pr.. On my own, but my dad is becoming a fan. Tends to sit and watch it every now and again. So rapper Loon has to Islam. another one to the clan of iphone, you will love the phone! Are high search terms to domain names good to develope? The foodies rock. They've me, for sure. My mac keeps spitting the Snow Leopard install DVD back out. Maybe it's .. to PC.. .. Nah, it's probably just the dual layer DVD. Meigs Field to Olympic Island was a great idea. Chicago bid was based on private funding, Rio had national funding. to what ? was alluding to those who feel we'll be but won't go there ..cold beer cooling effect works only for 1 thing at a time IgNobel Public Health prize went for a bra design and patent that can be quickly into a pair of gas masks. laughing at all the GA fans. Jaina gets by the Lich King and we have to fight her. Or we get taken to school by Don't know if anyone has ebooks that need but I just tried aprogram called calibre. 1500 books withonlyabout130 failed pass you my pics later. yousendit express takes 5 hours to send 1.1 GB I use to be blakk till I to blaque lol get on deck n follow ya boi lol hey cuzzz!! I miss you! I'm glad you've jumped on to the Twitter train & have to twitterism. ;) hahah You know what, I would have 2 agree with that statement, cos my BB is bangin when it comes 2 content. Peeps are bwahahaha! i've you? i really like the idea of that <3 *ponders success* She met (and this dude on a mission in Paraguay 3 YEARS AGO and just yesterday, through friends, she asked him if she liked him. Just from a blkberry to an iPhone Free Shelving: Our company has to Electronic Medical Records and would like to get rid of our s.. One of our local developers who presented the old web application we using Adobe Flex was given a standing ovation today. Neat! Norwich tonight, very nice church venue. Tablets, tablets, tablets. That's all I hear about these days. Who even uses them? I need a 1hr show from Steve Jobs before I am Tablets, tablets, tablets. That's all I hear about these days. Who even uses them? I need a 1hr show from Steve Jobs before I am Job 4 done. Pater has been to tapas, yo! are you planning to or be The key is arranging your affairs so that the majority or your expenses are into **legitimate** biz... Just tried to get into a BofA customer. By a teller who had no clue what she was talking about. Um, sorry. New footograph: A nice pub in (nee Llandaff). The houses next door are being at work listing to a playlist...You've me to an listener! I had the most amazing moment this morning. I felt a wave of anxiety and in a purely pshysical/emotional way it to greatness -puff A bra that can be into a pair of gas masks. One for the wearer, one for a friend. - With Drone Air Force Pilots Train With Cessnas Dressed Up Like Predators: manned aircraft w.. 749 W Abriendo Pueblo, CO 81004. PRICE REDUCTION. Has been into a duplex. visit for details. d'oh tweeted myself....but you her xx yyyeaaaaah but you her xx lol, girl you are tweeting the wrong person. I didn't need to be It was who finally gave e/o a chance. Last night, I another friend into a Duplaix fan. :) (thanks truly! 1 at a time! love your We did, the other office didn't! I'm but mainly because it reminds me of Cipher. After Fozzie Bear to magik, he finishing all his jokes with "wicca, wicca." Crazy! Fishing Girl at over 45% yesterday! Thanks to everyone who bought a copy :) I actually a wind map to vectors in Illustrator. It separated all the colors. Then layered it under other
Entities-R-Us, Ghost Hunter Comic - Paranormal Humor for the Ghost Hunter's soul - Eating tasteless Jacobs wheat biscuits at exactly 3AM because I'm too scared to walk to the kitchen. Supernatural entities appear at 3AM. What about unnatural ones? What about waking entities? What about putting yourself in harm's way? Set specific entities so if i load customer, it generates code that creates instance and sets props for customer. How hard is it to find a jacket that accepts women as entities possessing hips that do not resemble a young boy's? Very hard indeed. AutoCAD tip: Selection doesn't fit nicely in a window? Type WP at the "Select Objects:" prompt to select your entities using a polygon. I've tried going down that route. The 46,000 is just domain code. No views, no entities. It's really painful. The Hustler is still a rookie when it comes to massaging one of the most corrupt and greediest entities in the world - the IOC. Vid-Biz: Redbox, NBComcast, Dollhouse: FOX Files Brief to Dismiss Redbox&#8217;s Suit; the two entities are.. Thanks for the I love the "@Starbucks (and all it's spinoff entities)". Made me laugh! I am fascinated at wondering why you have a fixation on entities that use propaganda to propose fallacy! In other words Faegre & Benson's "Cost Effective Defense of Patent Infringement Suits Brought by Non-Practicing Entities" Faegre & Benson's "Cost Effective Defense of Patent Infringement Suits Brought by Non-Practicing Entities" Not so. Separate legal entities. Obvious overlap, but money spent at FOundation isn't available to Gannett corp. lets go for corporate entities i like: coffee (not a barista), (and all it's spinoff entities) T1: Agreed. How many and which entities would it take? Would this invade the providers privacy? Scott: How to pay for journalism production & distribution? Broadband is essential infrastructure. Public entities need access. Strickling: strongest broadband stimulus applications involve public orgs, private entities, hybrid solutions. bowling computers are evil entities. There is no outdoing them... they will always win.. Strickling: strongest broadband stimulus applications involve public orgs, private entities, hybrid solutions. it depends which entity... IE7 with most of the entities I've worked with. my all cool people/entities! follow them...now! Doctors generally are barred from referring patients to entities in which they have a financial stake. Future friends Good people/entities/toilets all. Doctors generally are barred from referring patients to entities in which they have a financial stake. (via Doctors generally are barred from referring patients to entities in which they have a financial stake. RDFobject 0.3.4: RDFobject - classes for dealing with entities and things in RDF entities is very similar to en titties That's better than giving the same one to two entities. :-) AUB's Jurdi "long term vision cannot come from external entities (UN , EU, USA) it must come from within" -- I hear ya ... just giving you a hard time! We are using LINQ to Entities right now in our services piece of the project. - LINQ to Entities baby!!! :) A newspaper biopsy from led to this diagnosis: should become employees of non-profit entities" Blog post, comment, tweet are essentially the same entities in various lengths/contexts. Why modelled them differently in systems? Keep the input coming! So far I have "tax saving entities", how to turn individual passions into dollars...as blog topics this is great! complexd: HIPPA Security Breach Notification Rules Require Immediate Action By Covered Entities and Business As.. HIPPA Security Breach Notification Rules Require Immediate Action By Covered Entities - When you break it down that as biological entities our only reason to exist is to procreate then monogomy is pretty stupid When you break it down that as biological entities our only reason to exist is to procreate then monogomy is pretty stupid HIPPA Security Breach Notification Rules Require Immediate Action By Covered Entities and Business Associates - Then maybe we are seen as people, not statistical entities shuttling for position. Happy Friday everyone. Other than I have not added any other entities to follow this week. Still love my regular group One of those three entities wd need to take the lead to make it happen.
We'd feel much better if we sunk this treasure and we laid our armor down. Galapagos National Park that the Cormorant II has not sunk completely. A preliminary inspection does not detect fuel spill. 'Creative differences' sunk Lady Gaga and Kanye West's 'Fame Kills ...: New York Daily News BY .. Field Radar Sunk Island Windfarm impact study 1.4 km resumes October 26th.neg. results last 3 nights I DESPISE the Newark I LOATHE it. It has sunk to the depths of the Miami in my estimation. you know you've sunk to a new low when. ;) I'm in a REALLY good mood suddenly. I guess cuz it has sunk in that it is FRIDAYYY!!! I don't think it has sunk in yet that D has gone to Cali for work for 6 weeks. It will tonight when it's only me and the dogs in bed. well me liking it when i saw them perform it at hampden and its slowly sunk in so id love to see them do it now i love it!! it has sunk to new depths, they have Austin Drage XF reject on... Reality has officially sunk in. I am no longer a Houstonian and no longer a student at Reagan. Time to load the truck... "I sailed on a ship of paper, and I sunk in the deep of your eyes. I got lost in your graveyard... now I dream on a bed of knives." Morning! The fat coach curse combined with the blank stare-cluelessness of Wade Phillips has sunk my Cowboys. Jon Gruden beats both. Today has sunk like the Titanic. I thought today was unsinkable, I thought I'd have a good day - but that was a lie,like many others today.x ''Creative differences' sunk Lady Gaga and Kanye West's 'Fame Kills ... - New York Daily News.. Nautica That We Was On The Boast For A Minute But That Ship Done Sunk! Will try to burn it all, yes. U2 is Sat. It still hasn't really sunk in. It will when we get in the parking lot. Don't use it to sell teeth whitening kits - that ship has sailed, sank, been salvaged, & sunk again! Will be a few brahmas being sunk tonight lol i noticed that when i was writing the review. We sank Atlantis also brings up "did you mean we sunk atlantis?" = WIN wow when you search 'we sunk' on google out of 5 million results is top! :D i think that video that shows the assault & killing of that chicago student actually sunk the olympic deal!!! oh I know, I was pumped, it would have done a LOT for us here in Chicago-land but political bullshit seems to have sunk us right button does not engage camera since I sunk the phone checked it and is still set to do so..suggestions No, he is an a$$hole, thats what I am saying. He is shuffling deck chairs on the Titanic...aka, his ship has sunk! Hendrick warned by NASCAR. If fined, Johnson and would be sunk. Johnson has had a problem before, hasn't he? whaaaa Lamar Odom dont look like nothin wit that big ol milk dud head && sunk in eyes...Any girl is a catch for him For Chicago people looking to console themselves. Most Olympic expenditures are sunk costs. we often sing our prayers at dinner- if my wife it, I'm sunk in the basement- can't hit the low notes! (4) While sailing to Rome, Paul's ship is sunk in a tempest .After spending 3 months on the Island of Melita he is sent a second ship on his I sunk days into Tribes 2. I'll have to find a used copy of Section 8 for the 360. It was Oprah's ties to David Letterman that sunk Chicago's chances. night I got bent over table and spanked I couldn't win if the lit me on fire and told me they'd put me out if u sunk a shot! Back in the Vus again. In my sunk. Time to read. Okay. I got vus (van/bus) and sunk (seat/bunk). What's read? :-P Safe travels! Back in the Vus again. In my sunk. Time to read. Gloucester/Cape Ann When Whales attack! : British couple's yacht sunk by whale in Caribb.. 10.2.1940 - During World War II, the HMS Empress was sunk while carrying child refugees from Britain to Canada. yeh, luckily there was one only an hr later with same tutor haha. i dont think its actually sunk in classes r over tho haha Blame Most ppl who "cld not afford" their homes had no problems 'till they lost their jobs, got sunk in med. bills, etc. frustrated by the amount of time I sunk into reviving an old PC just to determine the hard drive was shot. Hours I will never get back. :( Bush Snr had a shot at doing so but Clinton's win in 92 sunk his chances. Obama would need to retain presidency to pull it off in 1940: British liner Empress loaded with refugees for Canada is sunk. Scott Slant >> Has it sunk in yet, fans? Bristol Rovers next. Oh what depths we have sunk to. :-( The City Market opened a year after the SA sank. Get this - if it had not sunk a lot of the cargo would have been sold in the City Market Blog The trouble with Donald.: Yesterday Aberdeenshire Council sunk to a new low, somethin.. Blogpost -> The trouble with Donald.: Yesterday Aberdeenshire Council sunk to a new low, somethin.. at tax payers expense, BHO didn't have to go,k & games being profitable, for whom?, TAX $ will be sunk into this chicago corruption will get Oh speaking of birds, my little Oscar was displeased this a.m. and sunk her beak into the second knuckle of my index finger and held on. OW
I used Shazam to discover The Remedy by Jason Mraz Had to reformat and re-install my HD yesterday. Had multiple conflicts with any new install. Isn't Windows supposed to remedy this?? Follow Friday--> ....If you need to escape for awhile and relax Red Door Remedy Massage is the place to go! cause or remedy Morocco's Restaurant will be catering this Saturday from 3PM to 8PM: Remedy Fashion Show - A Benefit for the... i have the worst headache of the century anyone got a miracle remedy to make it goo away??? Medicinal, fragrant...what's not to like about lavender? Oh wait we have the and the to remedy this. Not looking good, but wait Jake Peavy is pitching, the huh... My latest zit remedy: All Along by Remedy Drive Twitter's a free remedy for the crazies of the world. They can get it all out without anybody and tell themselves someone's list ... Remember: Glucosamine is not the best remedy for stiff joints. I have found that rolling them thinner works best. Insomnia is our worst enemy. There's nothing like the sleep early/wake up early magical remedy. But the key is >> to find sleep! Phone f/u w pt dealing w explosive rage, anger & confidence issues. 1 office visit homeopathic remedy already making pos shifts Burned my hand yesterday taking a frittata out of the oven. I have to say, honey is actually not a bad home remedy. Plus, it smell good Remember: Glucosamine is not the best remedy for stiff joints. I have found that rolling them thiner works best. good remedy LOVE "Don't find fault. Find a remedy." Henry Ford 02:39PM - Neverending by: David Crowder Band (Remedy, 2007) "Don't find fault. Find a remedy." Henry Ford Now Playing on Ambient Popsicle: Doctor Jazz's Universal Remedy ''Because Of You'' (from Release 1.0) adeeeuuuh.... krishna ya? The remedy just called,... took away my pain & make me smile again. Thank U... ^_^ : 1 NITE ONLY!! 1 STAGE!! THIS SATURDAY!! ER ROOM: TJ, LAZARUS, PEOPLEZ CHOICE & 3D REMEDY! a surprise MC.. Do your kids have trouble concentrating sometimes? Enter to win Bach Kids Daydream Remedy ~ alright Doctor. so why the hell does my nose itch, got a remedy for that? So Its Friday Its Officially Been A Week With No Sexual Remedy And I'm Spazzin Out I Can't Wait Till Tonite depends on how it's proposed, I got the remedy to that issue 4 women, but many will not even hear it CiCi's pizza is the remedy. Liquid Luxury is my dry heel remedy...add a little to your foot lotion for extra moisture or apply it directly... Dr. Ingram hath spoken Doing shots is my remedy for EVERYTHING!!!! Dr. Ingram hath spoken Doing shots is my remedy for EVERYTHING!!!! *walks to the cabinet and grabs some stuff* Have a seat. I will mix you an evil remedy. Don't change my soap operas! Home remedy for low immunity | Ready2Beat Still rather ill, now drinkin mum's supposed cold remedy drink it's got lemon, honey & other stuff, I tell u wat I am cryin drinkin this lol Home remedy for a sexy raspy voice please... I am on a tea, lemon, honey regimen. Anything else I can try? *gasps* you must remedy this immediately!! it's like...the greatest movie EVER!!! Also...cheesy/corny/dorky as all hell I've got a remedy: Place pillow over face. Hold down firmly. Doctor thinks I have sinusitis. Says remedy is rest. Looks like I'm going to have this forever, who rests anymore? SUCCESS/being rich is not a remedy for your sadness... But a supplement to ur happiness... Need help: "What's your favorite recipe for the perfect hangover remedy?" at doctors always trying to tell people extra stuff give me a old jamaican remedy anyday. Lmao Don't find fault. Find a remedy. I seem to be doing a good job at not being productive today. Must remedy that, so that I don't have to stay up late Sunday doing schoolwork vitamin B12 for brain-power & more restful sleep. Also, zinc can block sick symptoms ala Zycam Cold Remedy. The remedy just called,... took away my pain & make me smile again. Thank U... ^_^ chenel hope you feel better i hear clorox mixed wit ginger ale works ... you will never be sick again i promise wit that remedy
This presumes the world will still be around. Half of babies born in rich world will live to 100: 10 ppl who won't be in heaven - he presumes too much. grace given freely for all. is back on top of the world looking down on what he presumes is creation but may just be a broccoli head... Ken Waugh, Physician Assistant presumes no other flu circulating in Alaska other than H1N1: Why the hell it is not possible to install git-core svn with perl 5.10. It depends on perl5, which presumes perl5.8.9 only Meaning, one presumes, Weekend Update is no more. At least not on Thursdays. Presumes you're going to see Mr. Siess, tell him I said what's up! What's also shocking is how many of gen.pop. have NO idea of anything really about Judaism, & presumes "of course you'd agree w/us." told her. He says that she presumes that means you're already up. I cannot complete your survey I find it baffling & it presumes I know something about your legs (or that they even exist). ...I that he is a new signatory so >tyhat< presumes that we agreed to let others meaning we ne3ed codicil Of course that presumes you know the name of the plug-in Another lazy evening one presumes! Electrotech lecturer has forgotten about us, one presumes he is somewhere now, laughing quietly and drinking sherry =P Ugh.... so on top of everything else Polanski presumes all judges are men... Great bit of blogging. A pale breeze presumes the bastion. our colonel. Scarcity presumes everything is finite; that there won't be apples on trees next year. Yet ideas are infinite, therefore free? one presumes correctly! Swoon. Brass goggles, the lot. That is SUPER cool! One presumes u get 2 wear a rockin' steam punk outfit.... Second, I am sad I missed and perform. Contrary to what presumes, it could not be helped. One presumes that you have been listening to TMAWS on R4? Last in the series last night, and one of the best yet. He doesn't offer practical reasons for church membership. He just presumes lists where kept in biblical times Is 140 cramping your style? <--Your good question presumes I have style. :) that presumes all students are engaged and able to complete Evans: When we say we're going to get 1M new visitors, that presumes having a HQ hotel? Riebeling: Yes. annoyed by as it presumes contribution histograms same across all forms of crowdsourcing (via Ding ding ding. We may have perfect juror in this jet engine mechanic. Actually presumes Davidson innocent I think Senator Harkin presumes too much. He seems do think opposition only comes from those who are vested in the... Not sure IPD applies well to Software as it presumes increasing cost of change where as agile tries to flatten the cost of change one presumes he's worried cos he's seen what happened in Iraq and the parallels are scary! As opposed to the non-deadly kind of murder, one presumes. Aristotelian [invented] ethos presumes that human nature is knowable, reducible to a range of types, and manipulable by discourse. - Baumlin US legal system presumes a person innocent until proven otherwise. Declaring and accusing are totally different things lol equality and for link women Wiki presumes that I don't know what the word women means? Maybe I should click it just in case. that presumes I was normal before Programmer, objecting of) to test-driving nudge from pair "Hey, writing a test presumes I know what I'm doing." oh how cute. The presumes a crown to gift. Quaint. ;) see one, do one, teach one or in IT - read about one, wizard one, consult :-) Reassuringly large invoice one presumes! If leader presumes follower... Could one be a leader on a island? Is leadership also about how you live your life? If leader presumes followers... Could you be a leader on a island? Is leadership also about how you live your life? Globalization presumes sustained economic growth. Otherwise, the process loses its economic benefits and political A. Samuelson presumes not to know. When no mushroom is linguistic, your chain presumes no rage. No nerve is essential. That presumes he's playing. RE: my point. Sam McGuffie, anyone? lmfao, he is a top 3 QB in the big ten. Can't argue it. that's a mighty beard, most impressive and extra tickly one presumes? Also prose isn't misogynist just bcuz u say it is. Reflection of US gynocracy that a woman w no followers presumes to define MRM my father presumes that there will be no classes on tuesday. But I don't know his side. lol So, U2 getting three songs (one presumes): plan all along, or last ditch to emphasize show's strength?
Olympics have been a forum for emerging powers at least since the Tokyo 1964 games. They view it as their world debut to this day New Zealand Herald: Details emerging of NZers missing after Samoa tsunami. Hey, Emerging Leaders! Join us for a leadership lunch on Oct. 15! Putting African Style on the Page was talking about Africa last year! - Emerging Designers Details Revealed On Nzers Missing In Samoa Quake: Wellington, Oct 3 NZPA - Details are emerging of missing New .. Details Revealed On Nzers Missing In Samoa Quake: Wellington, Oct 3 NZPA - Details are emerging of missing New .. Details Revealed On Nzers Missing In Samoa Quake: Wellington, Oct 3 NZPA - Details are emerging of missing New .. Are you an emerging leader? Attend a Creative Conversation during NAHM. All Hawaii News: Honolulu welcomes lingerie choices, Hilo Hattie emerging from Chpt. 11, shipping costs come do.. My New Savage Minds blog: Emerging Capitalistic Economy at Burning Man Swan (2009) "Emerging Patient-Driven Health Care Models" <= good paper Hey, Emerging Leaders! Join us for a leadership lunch on Oct. 15! 2day 4 Aries: Emerging yourself in water is an way to cleanse not only the body, but the soul. CDI is pioneer of digital inclusion in emerging economies In the Long term Brazil will Surely Profit as it is an Emerging Economy Unlike America which is a Developed Economy. Survey: Microsoft SQL Server Tops All Databases in Emerging Markets - Darryl K. Taft on Internet Marketing - Emerging and Viable Medium of Marketing - iShares rolls out new emerging-markets ETF 38% of respondents in recent survey believe other emerging markets now offer better than China and India. More links for emerging writers at the blog More links for emerging writers at the blog More links for emerging writers at the blog emerging trend fashion show a la park plaza. then tearing it up with ministry of sound a la estate. Thanks. I'm re-emerging slowly. Air Force Leadership: Lessons Emerging from Recent Conflicts and the Preparation for Them Intern for Emerging Internet Brand (New York, NY): An emerging multi-media brand seeks a research intern to aid.. Emerging from my nap. Need to pack for DFW. It's gonna be in the 50's there tonight, holla!! Brazil, Russia, India, China: 4 emerging economic powers. Rio '16 Sochi '14 Beijing '08 Olympics; Delhi '10 Commonwealth you know full well where he is, you naughty thing! memories of Dick Emery are emerging in my mind for some reason :) Listening to panel on Emerging Technologies: Getting Low Carbon cars - Gov's Global Climate Summit 2 emerging economics are developing 2 times faster than developed countries in terms of GDP Brazil, Russia, India, China, 4 emerging economic powers. Rio 2016 Sochi 2014 Beijing 2008 Olympics; Delhi 2010 Commonwealth. there are three types of emerging economies---> strategic, niche and long term; most of Africa is at long term BRIC=Brazil, Russia, India, China, 4 emerging economic powers. Rio 2016, Sochi 2014, Beijing 2008 Olympics; Delhi 2010 Commonwealth Games. Is it me, or is a (hyper-local) trend emerging? Sitting in on the Denice Denton Emerging Leader Award Winner, Nadya Mason's talk on Carbon Nanotubes Graham Cray good yesterday on discipleship, pitched it as a key thing for both inherited & emerging models... - Werewolves, centaurs and women shed their original skin, emerging as new breeds of enchanted beings and barba ... Investors hunt for yield in emerging markets-EPFR: By Daniel Bases NEW YORK, Oct 2 (Reuters) - Investors pulled.. Justice Innovative Reentry Strategies: The Emerging Role of Correctional Industries: On October 7, 2009,.. whoo hoo! Rio got the Olympics! i'm excited that an emerging power in the global economy is getting a good thing! yay! Headed up to Woodstock to hear a panel on the ethics of emerging technology, featuring Ray Kurzweil. Transhumanism FTW How bout considering the world is no longer America's plaything and new leaders are emerging. Listen to Volcker on CRose I don't know why but i'm super happy for brazil! The next decade is going to be the decade of the emerging economies!
Should probably write a blog post, but mainly it's soft censorship that discourages already marginalized voices from being heard re: race, in hard $ times, marginalized have harder time getting exposure. how do we cover those groups? re: race, in hard financial times, marginalized have a harder time getting exposure. how do we cover those groups? thx for bringing up race. in hard financial times, marginalized have a harder time getting exposure. how do we cover those groups? My biggest takeaway from the conf? Twitter is still marginalized by PR people. Following the hashtag has been eye opening. Excited for Rio, praying they will make wise decisions re poor and marginalized as they plan and build.: Excited for Rio, pray.. Poor Rio de Janeiro. They're stuck with the massive debt and forced evacuation of the marginalized that comes with the Olympics. Excited for Rio, praying they will make wise decisions re poor and marginalized as they plan and build. When you have a marginalized political viewpoint, regardless of it's as if you never vote anyway. Judges have the same cultural idea that disability is outside the condition. Case has to prove they are marginalized by their disability... Even w/in the "disability rights" movement, there's stratification. No one wants to voluntarily invite themselves into a marginalized group. YES My job is to p'vide front line to marginalized populations, not to help students with their papers & projects. My job is to provide front line to marginalized populations, not to help students with their papers and projects. Lindsey Graham(R-SC) bashes talk radio(Limbaugh,Beck,etc). These RINOs are finally being marginalized. They are scared and lashing out! I live in a city where the Dems are the conservative and the Republicans are marginalized. similar to marginalized east malaysians & other minority ethnic here whats marginalized malays? Feel a bit weird having conversations about kenduri kawin and the permit processes the marginalized malays have to go through over here :) It seems that I am often so marginalized. I need a bigger bed. We will survive major illnesses. Our concerns are often marginalized in health settings b/c the cultural tie doesn't exist which impedes Excuse me, America, but when it comes to marginalized and disenfranchised, there is a big difference between acceptance and tolerance. I think I would make the best poster child for marginalized members of society... Oh, boy... LOL... no way, they've only marginalized your team, not their own. haven't you seen the child operated textile factories? Helping girls is 2 national security. Terrorism tends to breed in societies where girls r completely marginalized. Kristof & WuDunn wrote book to try to create a movement. Societies where terrorists flourish are where women are most marginalized. LOL. Yeah, it's more that they're outcasts than loners, tho. As a group, they're marginalized. esp considering that your female are the most marginalized group of women on the planet AND that most ppl consider family Other than that it should be a lot of "you're wrong, and here's [marginalized person] explaining why." They just have to be careful to show that they shouldn't be listened to over the marginalized folk. I love it because it marginalized these fake ass small dick wanna be thugs/DL/trade. They can choke on cocodorm NUTT Parks and Rec: Better now than last yr. AP steps it up as does Aziz.Plots are better, unfunny characters are marginalized. Most improved 3.8 The way to avoid being marginalized is to draw your own margins. Anonymous Right-Left consensus building on Polanski Hollywood marginalized, but claim "best moral compass" Right-Left consensus building on Polanski Hollywood marginalized, but claim "best moral compass" Right-Left consensus building on Polanski Hollywood getting marginalized..... Right-Left consensus building on Polanski Hollywood getting marginalized, even as they claim "best moral compass" Thinking about ways in which we could care for widows& orphans& the marginalized in society. We have less than half a semester left -- they are only tidying up our studio space now to make room for us? I feel marginalized. haha. The Vegan Evolution A New Era 4 Humanity "the highest of ethical aspirations-continues 2 b marginalized agreed especially when you have poor sex offenders in US marginalized in tent-cities agreed especially when you have poor sex offenders in US marginalized in tent-cities Ropes needed in Marikina and Rizal evacuation centers to organize lines for relief goods. The elderly & women are marginalized in lining up. Why are you marginalized lingonberries? Damn you, oppresive cranberry syndicate! "we get all kinda hyped ab helpin the poor an marginalized but complain ab an attack each other on the inside" talk ab "1another"! Over time, companies that cannot or will not listen, will become marginalized, they'll shrink, and then, they'll become extinct. well, I haven't heard any complaints, so I presume nobody was feeling marginalized or disrespected :) What Tami Said: Marginalized folks shouldn't always have to be "the bigger persons"
New Blog post Truth, Lies & Ted: Is Rob in Danger, Like Blake's Rep? ... apparently someone working in the cryogenic lab was hitting Ted Williams' head with a money wrench Ted William's head abused by Alcor: Truth, Lies & Ted: Is Rob in Danger, Like Blake's Rep? Ted Nugent Is awesome! He honestly cured me! ha Semi-obsessed? Yes! I love TED Talks!!! Ted and Lisa are pouring wine at the Wine Lab in Beach tonight! That Ted Williams frozen head thing had me kinda spooked when I saw it this morning. Monkey wrench BP with a severed head is kinda creepy! Ted Williams frozen head beaten with a monkey wrench Book: Frozen Ted head battered by workers anyone hear about ted williams' cryogenically frozen head being used as a pinata? Didn't work there ? Ted Williams' frozen head used for batting practice at cryogenics lab what the hell? Ted Williams' frozen head used for batting practice at cryogenics lab Distracted by a Ted Nougat earworm: "Cat Scratch Snickers." Distracted by a Ted Nougat earworm: "Cat Scratch Snickers." Ted Williams' frozen head used for batting practice at cryogenics lab When Ted Williams wakes up, he is going to be PISSED off. Company co-owner is gold-medalist Ted Ligety Finnish Shredder signs on with Shred Optics.The dude rips! Our neighbour Ted Harris Paints is retiring and closing shop. A real east hastings Icon. What will happen to that awesome neon sign? JimRichards: Ted Miller and Phil Steele both like Cal to beat $C. Who am I to argue with them? Go Bears! (From gobears channel on ... Ted and Gayle Haggard at C3... Ted Williams' head abused at Arizona cryonics facility ... Thank you for the kind comment on my Ted Haggard story. Thought of the Day- would the Red Sox retain the rights to a cloned Ted Williams? TED: Q&A with Garik Israelian: "Your lab should be the vacuum between stars": Astronomer Garik Israelian (w.. What happened to Ted?? Stefan Sagmeister talks about the power of time off at TED. FYI Paul was Sagmeister's intern in 2004. Headline: Ted Williams' Frozen Head Severed, Beaten With Monkey Wrench At Cryonics Facility. // Well, alrighty then... if you LaGarrett Blount please retweet this! Thank you Ted!!!! Ted's William's head abused: I'm glad I'm not Ted Williams' head. Sagmeister is grear. Watch Today's talk: Stefan Sagmeister on the power of time off dude claims a tech was beatin' ted williams' frozen head with a monkey wrench..messed up..but funny Ted: UPDATE 1-T. Italia CEO says high debt slows investments - Reuters Ted: Broadband Speeds Surge in Many Countries New blog post: Ted Keith: AL Central race headlines final weekend watching I love little ted. Got to go up for my sis that weekend. Topsy says hi Google, what the fuck did I do to you, man? All I want to do is check my email and read about Ted Williams' severed head, play nice for once Cool talk on a great site for ideas and provocative topics via Stefan Sagmeister shares happy design Death be not proud: Ted Williams' frozen head used for batting practice at cryogenics lab Ted Williams' frozen head used for batting practice at cryogenics lab as are we all...( hey..is Nancy/Jenny/Ted...your kin??..Nita=mum? ..I used to spend x-mas w/family..still close w/ Nancy.) Pattie Maes and Pranav Mistry demo SixthSense | Video on TED.. Ted Williams' frozen head used for batting practice at cryogenics lab, according to book
NY Times says pedestrianization = happy businesses
I enjoy jewelery sometimes I think he deserves a female version of himself...except that they would kill each other over the jewelery box NEW PHONE! NEW PURSE! NEW JEWELERY!! NEW MAN!!! ...ehh gotcha! lol ... TGIF! Any fun plans for the weekend? -YES! Jewelery at my house on Saturday afternoon! I treasure jewelery You antique jewelery is gorgeous and high end. Best of luck on Etsy Yay! Just ordered some amazing jewelery for Christmas. Heh, I think it's more like none of our friends notice things like jewelery. ;P I finally had to go HAY GUYZ at Steak'n'Shake after Bridal Jewlery: Here is a great website for affordable (that is the key word these days!) bridal jewelery.&nbsp.. like.. you're going to be owning a jewelry store? that's amazing! i took a jewelery class in hs and would love to do that. got new body jewelery ... Go for it! Regular guys need some jewelery that we can wear and be proud of!!! for organizing the typhoon fundraiser for helping out. for awesome jewelery where is your opening 2nite? i am drinking coffee and have to make some jewelery to wear when would I own my first Tiffany&Co. jewelery? So it's official! I'm now going to work at Kay Jewelers! If ya'll need any jewelery, come to me! I'll hook you up! You know you want some jewelery too! ;) Forzieri Italian Made Jewelery. Diamond necklace $369. Have decided on an outfit and jewelery.. just my hair to do and I'll be ready for tonight! I'll be very rockish. Zales | Simmons Jewelery Company 20% Off. Get here: Do you know Batucada Jewelery?This Jewelery comes from Paris and win a Design Award 2009.Look here: Mom of two, wife and designer - loves painting from her imagination. Very refreshing new post - cute fabric jewelery sector will grow at a CAGR of 14% from 2009-2012. Get it's great! I love learning about diamonds & jems! And I've always loved jewelery! and I just recently got a raise olive garden! well its just you have relativly small lips.. so you'd have to get a relativly small jewelery lol, but.. ya never know :D Wanna get da jewelery dat is designed for New Moon!! got the amulets while getting the stolen jewelery, took 2.5 hours of killing, gained a lvl while hunting OMG omg OMG. I just gave in a proposal to design Wedding jewelery. I REALLY hope the bride picks me. CROSS YOUR FINGERS PEOPLE! I am taking advantage of Express's buy 1 get 1 50% off jewelery and pant sale!! That's really great of We should definitely meet & I would love to see your work too (I love jewelery!) does anyone know a place in cirencester that buys gold jewelery? Jewelery is the new metal working I'm telling you - go into jewelery headache :( want to ask my mum for the jewelery. Embroidery is the new jewelery London's best dressed:top 10 most stylish women..Guess what jewelery does she wear.AMRAPALI.. London's best dressed:top 10 most stylish women..Guess what jewelery does she wear.AMRAPALI.. I value jewelery Hop audience our program will work for you. Since trendy is the most happening thing out Tricking fans into believing they've received a reply from you when it was really your gf pushing her jewelery is not very nice I really like your jewelery :) Will be keeping an eye on your website. Listen - doing jewelery why do i get sucked into qcv? i want the jewelery organizer and i dont even HAVE any fucking jewelery. ahah. Let me suggest - with jewelery Search and get Gold Jewelery at Splatter painting is the new jewelery Let me advise you - it's time for jewelery
FREE Scrap Carbonized Bamboo Flooring (mountain view): I have a large box of scrap carbonized (caramel colored).. FREE Scrap Carbonized Bamboo Flooring FREE Scrap Carbonized Bamboo Flooring edisons fist patent for the light bulb used bamboo... the finished version used carbonized cotton... NOW PLAYING: Carcass - Carbonized Eyesockets - rated 0 out of 5 stars Heard by 13 listeners at The house is filled with the smell of carbonized Eggos. Time to buy a new toaster. I looked into getting carbonized bamboo a while back but found they are prone to scratches and dents. Check it out carefully. Anyone have carbonized Bamboo floors? Puppy proof? Pergo? Puppy proof? Urgh. What is the best way to get carbonized pie juice off the bottom of my oven? My drip-catcher failed... I want to a group called Carbonized Steak...or that will be the title of my first album. Fact # 1 - Thomas Edison's first successful incandescent lamp (light bulb) used a filament made of carbonized bamboo. NOW PLAYING: Carcass - Carbonized Eyesockets - rated 0 out of 5 stars Heard by 3 listeners at Going green in high style: Today Gettinger's home includes carbonized bamboo flooring, low-flush toilets, p.. An audio introduction to Carbonized Limestone by Jon Frank was added to our site for those interested in knowing more. An audio introduction to Carbonized Limestone by Jon Frank was added to for those interested in knowing more.
A woman who, right off the bat, quotes Obi-Wan when writing a post on 'Feminizing the Chruch'... I've never heard of the topic of "manly worship." Are we feminizing worship? Pharms, personal care products, in high demand in this area, feminizing our beloved salmon?. Feminizing Your Man is a Rather Simple Task It could, but you're going to have to follow through on the most crucial step: Feminizing genitoplasty...
Tough combo: professionalized in Senate: | Changes in shield law: professionalized in Senate: | Changes in shield law proposed by Tough combo: professionalized in Senate: | Changes in shield law proposed by media axis: or information / purchased or subsidized / crowd-sourced or professionalized
ohhhhh gk cardie I need you right now im freezing...have stolen my mum's cardie in a vague attempt to warm up...trying to pack now x wearing kates hat and her sisters cardie, thank madame hah xxx Photo: random cute thing Cardie from George, Dress from Topshop, Belt from Matalan, Oversized Bag from... and 4 me to wear my bright pink cardie Longshot : 4 yo's red cardie (with name tag) lost central ystrday. Please - mayB Twitterpower will come 2 rescue! Longshot : 4 yo's red cardie (with name tag) lost in central Brighton yesterday. Please - maybe Twitterpower.. Longshot : 4 yo's red cardie (with name tag) lost in central Brighton yesterday. Please - maybe Twitterpower.. Longshot : 4 yo's red cardie (with name tag) lost in central yesterday. Please - maybe Twitterpower will come to the rescue! Loving my new cardie I got from cotton on last night. sooooo warm I have my yellow cardie on today! Yay! :) - Yum! I am even loving the warmth of that cardie! It looks very inviting! Very satisfying! The person who had irritated me, was there in jeans & cardie!!!! Yessss! Just came back from a shopping spree. Bought some AWESOME shoes, a t a singlet cardie and a candle. twas nice getting outta da house Owe, caedyns wearing skinnies, a a cardie & a hood coming frm somewhere, and his little skate shoes. Best dressed 2 yr old. jeans or black cardie or grey?? gahh i dont know!!! I love yellow! I got a yellow cardie! Y did i put my black cardie in the WASH!?.it s freezing inside this place!!! skinny dark blue jeans ,dollyshoes day grey jacket type cardie thing nd dunno wt yet was a very cardie - What about you, soup dude and a helmet hedded dublin droogess as an immediate repost? They grey cardie can "come off" in the vid "So that's 2 bacon and eggs is it?" Turn your boy into the next Jamie Oliver in this colourful cardie why buy a red cardie from midwest that cost $99.95 when you can get one from the op shop that costs $5.95. WIN! OMG, went to Gunwharf Quays in for some shopping. A.M.A.Z.I.N.G! Bought a chunky black cardie in French Connection half price! ProperStyle sighting: Blonde in high-waist white hot mini, sleek black top & shiny black patent heels. Topped by a boyfriend cardie. HOT. keep an eye on your cardie, will ya? ;-p hahah i knooww! I nearly got a cardie then mums like ''how much is it?'' .... :/ $100 ..''ahhhh no'' damn! Haha i hear they have cardie coats onsale at oldnavey for 20 dollars And now scanning my new cardie Ugg boots lmao lol nope but I got my cardie on and socks lol How cute are baby new born lite knits! Charlie already has a cardie like his daddy-in-waiting! well im wearing a purple dress black tights and cardie and purple shoes :) you? Yay. Just went into town & got some new jeans, boots and a top. jeggings, more shoes, jewellery and a new cardie soon! :D got sum new boots n a cardie for skwl yay aw thank you! good excuse to buy a new cardie :&) has just got an awesome new chunky cardie. yep, cardie and the right shoes. didnt go with the black woolly tights though, she has an interesting style :-) I'm so chilled Edward Cullen needs a cardie... LOL - you're so gorgeous, Edward Cullen needs a cold shower I'm so chilled Edward Cullen needs a cardie. Perhaps charitable request - "all we need is a sensible cardie" ? sad about the cardie, but for the cause, well done! I'm so chilled Edward Cullen needs a cardie. rushed out this morning and forgot my cardie - its freezing here! Brrrr!!! where do you find em? used to put the call out for cardie whereabouts too. one, bek, i have ONE left. [#taketwo] where do you find em? Cate_Lawrence used to put the call out for cardie whereabouts too. one, bek, i have ONE left. got a really beautiful top/dress in town today, from topshop! mmmm. and a nice cardie from h&m. its really cosy! Im Snuggled Up Inside With My Fave Grey Cardie And A Cuppa Tea... Goodtimes! xxx I can c y gt called barbie pink suitcase, pink bag, pinkish cardie, pink toe nails Oh and before Jim's vivid imagination goes into overdrive I AM wearing 'funky' jeans along with said cardie :))
Sci-Tech Today: Feminized Bass Found in U.S. Rivers Sedgewik:When deciding roles in the triangle it seems inevitable that the woman will be fought "over,"if not the man=feminized What are you talking about? I totally sympathize. I see Mr Ahuja even feminized his name for the sake of rights. 1st Amt Lawyers will B needed when IMBRA violators (dating sites) are prosecuted by a feminized Homeland Security not looking for terrorists It's not really filthy, just not nice. I've never heard it feminized with an "a" at the end, so I'm thinking just for male idiots. Male frogs exposed to very low levels of atrazine became feminized: that is the useless information i learn in environmental science *moans softly* both Mistress...the thought of you keeping me feminized more and more 24/7 makes me melt What's the matter Are you embarrassed that I plan to keep you feminized in the evenings? Or embarassed that you want me to? I guess you are right we have feminized the church too much. Men themselves have no responsibility in this decline. Also, Christianity is a "feminized" religion - all about love and feelings. See "Onward Christian Soldiers" Men need the old feminized US media to die w zero chance of gov subsidization. Men of Washington State need 2 stop Seattle Times subsidy now sex with a 13 year old.. history says it's actually normal.But, this feminized left and the religious right. it's nature, like YellowStone.. What is wrong with Christianity? It's been feminized <<Yeah, male god, male disciples, male leaders. What is wrong with Christianity? It's been feminized New audio for my feminized pets at
Oh, I agree, it's the misuse of science that is the problem both in junk studies that waste $$ & news that sensationalizes. People are afraid to let their children play outside because the media sensationalizes child kidnappings (isn't that redundant?) Angelina Jolie's role as Lara Croft. Amina argues it caricaturizes and sensationalizes women violence. Croft's actual story was pretty h ... once again fails to listen to all the facts and gets the story wrong. Sensationalizes the news to draw viewers and ad money. Sad. once again fails to listen to all the facts and gets the story wrong. Sensationalizes the news to draw viewers and ad money. Sad. I would have to agree with that comment. It sensationalizes the child's death, and the family's horribe loss.
I'm waiting for some celebrity to disagree publically, otherwise all of Hollywood needs vasectomies and sterilizations..or concrete barriers I think that instead of paying for we should pay for sterilizations. Let's just keep them from having more kids. b/c must include of cis women of color & trans women 2 be free from forced sterilizations because must include of cis women of color and all trans women to be free from forced sterilizations becuz must include the of cis womn of color & all trans womn to be free from forced sterilizations.#prochoice because must include the right of cis women of color and all trans women to be free from forced sterilizations.
wow. using google docs instead of office 2007 and finding it a lot more efficient. this coming from a former office proselytizer. Yep, it was a proselytizer. There's some of a magazine on depression in front of my door... I am not answering the knock at my door. It's probably a salesman or proselytizer, cause it sure doesn't look like the mailman.
yo, my man has the new Jordan 60 Atlanta Hawks colorway Wearin the Jordan Spiz'ikes today! Black/Citron/purple Colorway. Gotta love the Spiz'Ikes a lot. Depends on the colorway but nowadays they go for at least $450 Aye i need a new pair of 5s, preferably fire red colorway Thanks! I really liked the colorway, too. Very pretty. very nifty! love the colorway and the socks turned out nicely. :) is this colorway named after you? staring at the new malnum colorway. Good fucking job dudes. Where's my slayer Hah come ride tonight at 630 what kicks you got on 2day? i got on the tailwinds in the "you ain't got these" colorway new CATS hat colorway .. FRIDAY SPECIAL! AIR FLIGHT 89'S OG COLORWAY SZ. 12 (1 Pair) $70 SHIPPING. "colorway" is even worse than "cascade" when it comes to stupd-ass corporate words. "deck" is still most awfulest though. Whaddup , don't the hawks 60 colorway remind u of the citrus 7's ?? I still favor the 7's... 8&9 Product Update: Midnight Release Tonight! 8&9 Ambigram Tee "Bloody Gums" Colorway: 10.2.09Tonight! .. Did anybody see this colorway yet? Niiice than a mug Did anybody see this colorway yet? Niiice And there is another hawks colorway...smh New Colorway - just in time to knit something for Halloween! New cats hat colorway New cats hat colorway New cats hat colorway New cats hat colorway splurging on the the new halloween 09 colorway of at Just cant help myself. Plus, need to cheer myself up. love this Air Force 1 from Nike. Nice colorway & design. Thanks so much--I really like that colorway. FitFlop Winter boots - - now loaded up on colorway.de lol that's what's up,what colorway? "Air Jordan V (5) June 2010 release 26 Get your first look here Krazy Colorway - Dennis Knows", NICE. Get the Carpe Diem colorway, they're hot man. They don't have the Black Mamba logo on the tongue; it's an ox instead! :O Nike Air Force 1 & Air Max 90 New Arrivals | Nike has unleashed a new colorway of both the A.. Crofters cowl in a water themed colorway Nike SB Dunks, Summer 2010 Preview --> Eric Koston colorway looks pretty clean. Love the swoosh on blue. WHAT gucci colorway. "oh what is that. Is that a Boner" (red voice from pineapple express) The RDI Brigade Varsity Letterman Jacket Navy/Gray/White Colorway that LaurenLondon NUNU The RDI Brigade Varsity Letterman Jacket The New NY Colorway The RDI Brigade Varsity Letterman Jacket Black/Red Colorway Colorway Paper Photo Gloss 180gsm A4 (20 sheets).. those have NEVER been a joke. I got a purple/green/black(zebra stripe) colorway of those. HEEEAATTTTRAWWWKKSSS she got dem new Jayz in a Crayola Colorway.....clearly dont exist! "Air Jordan V (5) June 2010 release 26 Get your first look here Krazy Colorway - Dennis Knows", What kind of pull do you have to get a black/orange colorway of these -What kind of pull do you have to get into a black/orange colorway of these Raf Simons Strap Hi Sneakers sweet colorway, reminds me of back 2 the future! its yours for what? hmm just shy of a $1K - Aquas, going to take them off now. OG colorway and rain is a no-no. patent leather 1's, UNC colorway
Ok ok- this crab gumbo is accessorized by JUMBO SHRIMP- Wat did I do to deserve this?! *sigh* Harharhar. - My creative coworkers accessorized a sign that corporate sent for me to put in the restrooms. Watchin what not to wear and it's a male episode with a black man...I think they over accessorized him too much... Last nite I was making fun of my straight friend's accessorized and he goes, "they're not CRYSTALS, they're glitter!!!" LMAO. maybe she thinks bc she accessorized it wit a burberry hat that it made everything all better Bout ready 2 venture out into the crisp, autumn air.. Fully accessorized with hot cider and a cozy sweater :-) he accessorized more than I did today.. c how well we ACCESSORIZED our heels^_^ HaHaHa kk?!? Take two. I think this will look hot accessorized with 5 Emmys via successful day...found two gorgeous dresses for my client...she bought both...& fully accessorized..she is very happy! i thought you were going as Elaine Wynn? Accessorized with your froshly rebuffed vintage Vuitton bag and Liszt sdtrk? 10th Oct 2009 - Get yourselves accessorized and otherwise! GIVEAWAY: Beautiful Tolani scarf to keep you warm and well-accessorized this fall. Easy to enter! GIVEAWAY: Beautiful Tolani scarf to keep you warm and well-accessorized this fall. Easy to enter! Excellent! It's so to be properly accessorized. :P You now come w/ a wand? What are you accessorized? That's it! ::::Price adjustment::: my list is lawng! Want to a well costumed & well accessorized ninjabitch sidehustle? Love the way you styled it! Styling Challenge! To see how I accessorized ModCloth's "Weardrobe Dress" am i rockin a wife beater and still gettin complimented on the im wearin.. its probably cus im so accessorized!!! Love it! Styling Challenge! To see how I accessorized ModCloth's Weardrobe Dress click this link: Styling Challenge! To see how I accessorized ModCloth's "Weardrobe Dress" click this link: Styling Challenge! To see how I accessorized ModCloth's "Weardrobe Dress" click this link: a new killer dress, accessorized with a cool Michael Kors belt and Fab stilletos. why do we love titties? those bags of fat covered in soft skin... accessorized with a round flickable thing that gets hard when its cold. Model Off Duty: Caroline Trentini - Celebrity Style and Fashion ...: Trentini accessorized with a vintage Ralph.. Back it up! new drama back dress - very hot and can be accessorized to be your very own fashion statement and on SALE I thought I was well accessorized until I saw jewlery closet. I have some work to do. I may have over-accessorized after watching Rachel Zoe Project last night. Bananas! Brides - Time to accessorize! is gonna help you get accessorized for your day! CHECK IT OUT!! Brides - Time to accessorize! is gonna help you get accessorized for your day! CHECK IT OUT!! Brides - Time to accessorize! is gonna help you get accessorized for your day! Link to follow.... Phew. Don't know if we could have met w/o you being probably deoderized and accessorized...;) Freaking.out.right.now! females wearin weave, fake eyelashes, fake contacts, caked on make up, over accessorized, etc...does that make u feel beautiful? If I were to wear a dress today I would like this one that is accessorized w/ a watch If I were to wear a dress today I would like this one that is accessorized with a watch - lmao crazy girl! :) & I kno! poor victor worked from 12-10:30. WTF? but the store looks BOMB. I accessorized every fixture. ;) ROCKIN A FRESH WIFE BEATER, JEANS...HEELED UP OF COURSE! DEFINITELY ACCESSORIZED UP...HAIR BLOWIN N THE WIND ROCKIN SOME "IZZY" Oh girl you're hot but accessorized with one too many hipster signifiers. Favorite quote in The Hills finale "You actually accessorized a wedding dress." I love how Lauren shows up to the wedding! Morning Twitter world .. I'm finally up, dressed, & accessorized lol .. Can my day Now ;) I'm not crazy about the animal prints and you're a little over-accessorized, but you have your own style. It's cool. I'm gonna push you off ur bar stool and catch u by ur over accessorized necklaces. Lack of recent tweets leads me to believe you've discovered why your hotel bath was accessorized that way. yea I found a top to wear and I just accessorized it lol, not one of those make donnie do a double take but I was very Uniform Project -same dress worn everyday for a year, accessorized to look different everyday bronicas are wonderful cameras when adequately accessorized, very robust and reliable. Mine serves me again and again. i can't DM you back? but yeah. it's always ALL black and then super-accessorized. colorful scarves/shoes/sparkly jewelry
Truly a meritorious commingling of utilizable ideational content...or... helpful post on not using big words in resumes
determined to finish this globalization essay without making the US look like a bully. Locker Room: Boycott Nike: I never thought I'd be saying this but the anti-globalization kooks.. is going through economic globalization & speedy technical change in the different fields creating more i saw black people playing that extreme frisbee thing today...globalization is real! Book review on Spectrum Blog: Globalization: A Very Introduction (second edition) by Manfred B. Steger free translation and globalization tools - IAOP Launches Globalization Today Magazine.. Paul Krugman: what trigger the latest era of globalization? The standardization of the shipping container in the early 80s. A critic of globalization, and United States foreign policy. Hugo Chavez Increasing of globalization, national policies still determine levels of employment and labor standards.: There.. Critics claim that globalization is creating a mono culture that is rapidly spreading around the world.: I read.. Just got "Cultural Globalization and Language Education" from the UA library. What is sad is how excited I am to read it. Or is it? A critic of globalization, and United States foreign policy. Hugo Chavez clips Follow Friday promotes alternative voices in globalization, economic development, governance policy. Globalization and Complexity Has Made Our World More Vulnerable to Catastrophe: (NaturalNews) Economic .. Globalization & Relationships- Globalization is the recent call of the day. Different people define it in a dif... Wekend Thoughts: more movie, food, oxygen, globalization. Globalization & Relationships: Globalization is the recent call of the day. Different people define it in a dif.. A new country has emerged. It is called the USE-United States of Europe...globalization anyone? Globalization and Complexity Has Made Our World More Vulnerable to Catastrophe- (NaturalNews) Economic are ... The Daily Stat: How Many U.S. Jobs Might Get Offshored? Increasing losers from globalization Free Trade Has Enriched the World with More than Diverse Goods: The populists attacking globalization get it wr.. Human rights take a back seat to promoting multiculturalism & globalization. See my last few tweets, for example. Reich: Globalization is one of those words that went from obscurity to meaninglessness without any intervening stage. Should have saw that coming...it's a globalization ACI releases new BASE24-eps for improved globalization | ATM Marketplace Feminist Review: Enterprising Women in Urban Zimbabwe: Gender, Microbusiness, and Globalization Friend of AMADC, SDL is hosting a round table event on and on 10/8. Details and reg. here As if I need another reason to love & Minds Books- Books on Globalization & from a Kingdom of God view - Fight the new world order!! Globalization destroys local economies!! Don't take the flu shots! ... As if I need another reason to love and Minds Books - Books on Globalization, Taiwan News: Globalization putting a premium on overseas studies Dr. Jean Barsness on globalization: "The world has become fluid." reading "Globalization and its discontents". Awesomeness on the highest level! "living in a period of commercial globalization, what we really need is spiritual globalization" via Up and at 'em for Pepperdine's Fall Faculty Conference. This year's theme: globalization. Does reading tweets from Britain count as such? - Noted Globalization advocate, flip-floppy war monger, and all around pompous blowhard.. :-p Claude Pressnell is currently delivering a speech on the globalization of accreditation and quality improvement in Bogota, Columbia. is reading globalization right now. (woot) Considering a career move in the translation industry? Try Adaptive Globalization Ltd. Online Tools Aide Globalization Of The Kitchen Table Home Business Has globalization had its day? Visit the Supply Chain Debate on 7 October @ Global Distribution Strategies Conference: October is full of great NCACPA conferences! Check out Fraud and Hot Topics: Globalization/Economy October is full of great NCACPA conferences! Check out Fraud bit.ly/gr4Yf and Hot Topics: Globalization/Economy bit.ly/40Ul5X! via .... For many feels like being in a small boat in the middle of an
House Gaming Committee mtg underway..Dems combined sen. reform bill with de-criminalizing casino table games. Gambling stench continues! Supreme to Review Statute Criminalizing Humanitarian Aid Gibbs said the Constitutionality question of criminalizing lack of health insurance is "silly". Rights are only silly to commie scum. @ GOPLeader Gibbs said the Constitutionality question of criminalizing lack of health ins. is "silly". Rights are only silly to commie scum. Gibbs said the Constitutionality question of criminalizing lack of health insurance is "silly". Rights are only silly to commie scum. disease means your state can punish you rather than help you by criminalizing your illness and threatening to take your children. huh, The Lorax was once challenged as "criminalizing the forest industry." love that book! banned books Supreme to Review Statute Criminalizing Humanitarian Aid Criminalizing/stigmatizing natural human bhvrs causes more probs than it solves. Sex, drugs... Ans is education! Criminalizing/stigmatizing natural human bhvrs causes more probs than it solves. Sex, drugs... curry Ans is education! Hypocritical that feminists will IMBRA criminalizing men who meet adult foreign women but Roman Polanski. Logic? News that Reflects: Criminalizing Public Prayer Criminalizing sex work does not help sex workers! Jesus! (via Criminalizing sex work does not help sex workers! Jesus! I cannot believe we have to defend the "criminalizing" of raping a 13-year old against the Hollywood elite. rape is rape! Supreme to Consider Law Criminalizing Animal Cruelty Videos Supreme to Consider Law Criminalizing Animal Cruelty Videos Criminalizing homelessness -the need to address its roots Criminalizing homelessness -the need to address its roots Cleanse Colon: Codex-criminalizing Natural Health, Vitamins & Herbs 1 Students accuse the government of criminalizing protests. The government says it is not to be political prisoners & prosecute lawbreakers. E.g. I think it has to do w/ criminalizing blacks. If B-O-B is an epidemic then it's I think it has something to do w/ criminalizing blacks. If B-O-B is an epidemic then it's Murphy on Criminalizing Humanitarian Intervention Always enjoy TED talks. Here's a good one from Larry Lessig about copyright law and how it's criminalizing kids: The Lorax by Dr. Suess was challenged for "criminalizing the forestry industry." Celebrate Banned Books Week '09: read. Barney Frank fast tracking Anti Faith Bill~ Criminalizing Christianity has begun. Please yor frnds! (Petition) Canadians, please write your MP about this: Bill C-6 must not pass, forcing flu shots? Criminalizing refusal? CRIMINALIZING PUBLIC PRAYER: JONATHAN FALWELL Nutricide - Criminalizing Natural Health, Vitamins, and Herbs Criminalizing Teens For Being Teens Just got notice that UN Assembly new President Ali Abdussalam Treki is for *criminalizing* lgbtq's. The UN is supposed to champion human... Actor txt/video news Criminalizing Mike Ross - Arkansas News: Criminalizing Mike RossArkans.. Criminalizing Public Prayer ~ Bible Prophecy Today Criminalizing Public Prayer - Jonathan Falwell // Criminalizing Public Prayer ~ Bible Prophecy Today Criminalizing Public Prayer - Jonathan Criminalizing Public Prayer - Jonathan Politicians eliminate drug abuse by making it illegal; perhaps they can eliminate by criminalizing it, too.
Hormone replacement therapy lowers risk of colorectal cancer. Women fare better than men with metastatic colorectal cancer -- are hormones helping? | OncoGenetics.Org - Milk and milk products may have a protective effect against colorectal cancer. Women Fare Better Than Men With Metastatic Colorectal Cancer - Are Hormones Helping? New blog posting, Alternative and Complementary Treatments for Colorectal Cancer - Women Fare Better Than Men With Metastatic Colorectal Cancer Clinical practice. Screening for colorectal cancer. - Hiring a colorectal surgeon at Rebecca Cali, Md, PA (Westminster, MD) CS-7017, by Daiichi-Sankyo for Consuming caffeine on a regular basis may help reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, colorectal cancer and liver disease. No, I'm sorry, I meant why do you have the blue one? Were you or a loved one affected by colorectal cancer? Amazing wht U do 4 breast cancer. wld U consider also playing a in colorectal cancer awareness month (M ... Amazing what you do for breast cancer. Would you consider also playing a in colorectal cancer awareness month (March)? 1pm meeting tomorrow for our colorectal run on March 27, 2010! In awe of breast cancer movement; hope that colorectal cancer which kills even more people a year can soon reach same level of awareness FIRST LOOK: COLORECTAL CANCER Estrogen may play a role in survival time for metastatic colorectal cancer: new research. StashFunFact: did you know Stash Picks, Inc.'s original founder and owner, Dr. Rosenfeld is a PROCTOLOGIST/COLORECTAL SURGEON? Estrogen may play a role in survival time for metastatic colorectal cancer: new research. Our news story For young women vs young men (age 18-44), colorectal cancer biology and survival may be related to hormonal status. Colon News | What is a colorectal cancer? Review: mechanical bowel preparation before colorectal surgery does not provide any benefit and may be harmful Early results show flexible sigmoidoscopy significantly reduced deaths. Early results show flexible sigmoidoscopy significantly reduced deaths. Oct 26, 2009: Chat live with a colorectal specialist at Online: Register to join our free Oct. 26 webinar with .. Meta-analysis and systematic review of colorectal endoscopic mucosal resection. - ak slalu curiga mengidap slh satu pnyakit alimentary tract.. Irritable bowel syndrome n high risk of colorectal cancer (esp.left colon).. Common causes of colorectal cancer ETT: cIAP2 as a therapeutic target in colorectal cancer and other malignancies: Opinion on Therapeut.. Humm, I was googling what could be the source of my excrutiating backache and stomach pain and the first cause : Colorectal Cancer ! SCARY DO YOU COLORECTAL CANCER LEGISLATION IN ALL 50 STATES? I met her some years back;came to film our lab at Cornell for colorectal cancer; did not like her. Chat live with a colorectal specialist: Register to join our free Oct. 26 webinar with colorectal surgeon Mark .. NEW TESTS AND TREATMENTS FOR PATIENTS WITH COLORECTAL CANCER Folate-rich diet cuts women's colon cancer risk -- Some health problems that may be associated with soy foods are: bladder, prostate, colorectal, thyroid, and breast... Meta-analysis: longitudinal studies of serum vitamin D and colorectal cancer risk DiagnoCure to the Colorectal Cancer Undy 5000 run on Sept 27; the event raised over $110,000 IN COLORECTAL CANCER, HOW DOES IT METASISE TO THE BONES? IS A 26 YEAR OLD FEMALE IS TOO YOUNG TO HAVE COLORECTAL CANCER AND TO WHAT ARE MY CHANCES WITH COLORECTAL CANCER? WHAT BODY SYSTEMS DOES COLORECTAL CANCER EFFECT? HOW RARE ARE STOMACH AND/OR COLORECTAL CANCER OCCURANCES IN TEENAGERS? Uptake of genetic testing for colorectal cancer influenced by insurance implications ScienceDaily: Women Fare Better Than Men With Metastatic Colorectal Cancer: Are Hormones Helping?:..
I say that Nightly (or is that morningly) but somehow I never make it. Maybe sleep is just overrated. You didnt get your morningly dose of mattson today when I rolled over for my morningly iPhone, i was appalled to see 47. High today 57 I believe. And crap rainy. Wow, just took my nightly (morningly?) walk from one end of the facility to the other...man, what a bunch of characters...smh hee, hee, hee U come to my mind morningly, nightly, and noonly, I wish I could see u this minute or soonly... so i'm already looking forward to my morningly cheerios, cause, guess what? i have honey :D
Polanski a Dishonorary Priest? I'm not an idealism-driven, hand-wavy voter either. I'm a pragmatist. So now Baucus is a political target. A dishonorary GOPer.
Natural Relief for Menstrual Cramps Effective Non-Medicinal Tricks to Easing the Pain of Dysmenorrhea Lord stop making my tummy I just finished suffering from dysmenorrhea last week. Dysmenorrhea is my worst enemy! its killing me. without meeee? i had dysmenorrhea today boo :( still nt eatin yet.ookay,so damn o.a pro im nt eatin any prper fud pa-jst sandwich && soup simula kanina. stupid dysmenorrhea i cnt eat much dysmenorrhea!:/ hate it. di nakatulong knina at marikina. home alone. dysmenorrhea is not that bad na but still i cant eat =/ ..but glad im pretty much ooookay :) :) "Dysmenorrhea! It\'s killing me..." is bothering pongkit im having a hard time managing my dysmenorrhea grr. on period and dysmenorrhea scuks. Membranous dysmenorrhea is 1 of the least studied bodily functions is getting depressed.. *DYSMENORRHEA* (CRY) Medicine time! Im having dysmenorrhea! The thing is my med is not intended for the aforementioned ailment. Dysmenorrhea? ;p ampun met!! (Not) in a good mood, better stay away.. Natural Relief for Menstrual Cramps: Effective Non-Medicinal Tricks to Easing the Pain of Dysmenorrhea ? Joslyn.. in pain with "Dysmenorrhea"...:( i'm suffering from dysmenorrhea now. this is my first dysmenorrhea ever. ouch! ugh!!! i hate this dysmenorrhea thing!! is suffering from dysmenorrhea.. im not used to it.. huhu... Dysmenorrhea's coming!!! Need Mefenamic acid..!! Oh oke, pepes ikan superpedes ini bkin dysmenorrhea parah. Sip! Whole abd ngayon lang nakapag OL. grabe. suffered from dysmenorrhea. it sucks. really does. buti nalang wala na. (: God...I'm to die on my bed, this frigging dysmenorrhea.....>"< of course you know i am.hehe god love..dysmenorrhea ako big time.huhu -Update via SMS for FREE using aww. DYSMENORRHEA. at ngayon pa! :| grrr! and its killing meeee! :| Slightly she's ok.. I don't know what is the latest about Meryl, but i'll let you know. Dysmenorrhea (cont) i'm doing but i have dysmenorrhea.. :( Meryl is temporary in her house friend.. suffering of dysmenorrhea............... has just experienced dysmenorrhea FOR THE FIRST TIME. i wanna die on our way home. manding is dead tired. and i'm having dysmenorrhea :c i had severe dysmenorrhea. you know i'm so unhealthy. :'[ To hell with these dysmenorrhea! It's really painfull! =( Celiac disease as a cause of chronic pelvic pain, dysmenorrhea, and deep dyspareunia. celiac disease as a cause of chronic pelvic pain dysmenorrhea Sleeping now. Dysmenorrhea is killing me and it looks like I have to get my lazy ass out of bed by 5:30am tomorrow. Work. DO. NOT. WANT. Geh Went around the village & realized how lucky we were! My only problem: dysmenorrhea. I really want to watch toradora and distract myself from the pain that is dysmenorrhea. Hurrrrrrrrrr my dysmenorrhea woke me up at 6 am but slept it through. still feeling the pain. :(( dont you just hate dysmenorrhea! arrrgh. i cant concentrate on making my homework because of dysmenorrhea. PS I hate dysmenorrhea. i fcuking hate my monthly period. fcuk dysmenorrhea. fcuk my being unhealthy. fcuk my lazy ass for not exercising. fcuk! Suffering from a super duper painful dysmenorrhea.. T_T says ugh... dysmenorrhea :-( This is the first time I'm thankful for dysmenorrhea -- which has rendered me paralyzed at home. Take Care & Stay Dry folks! Premenstrual Syndrome: Evecare for premenstrual syndrome, menstrual problems, for dysmenorrhea treatment. Buy a.. hate my dysmenorrhea.. argghhh!! Morning. Still raining hard. And I have a dysmenorrhea attack. Bummer.
Off for some beers with , , , and Off for some beers with , , , and I always miss out on all the videos. We shall do one from Europe soon :) Can I haz a Flip cam? ;-) i like what is all about -- just an example Pollenizer office via our new Flip Cam - thx mate! Besides I know I can rent engineers from if I need the best in the biz. Why don't you come over our office (@pollenizer )? Will give you desk / wifi and geek love :) At office in Sydney. It's a full house and we have a few people overseas! at the offices, seems to be alot bigger since I was here last, lots of new faces :D On my way to HQ Pollenizer hive is buzzing at fever pitch today. we are still looking for entrepreneurs to pitch at It's great to be back in Sydney and catch up with and the rest of the crew! I missed you! Looking forward to today: catch up with colleagues, Mecca Espresso, acquiring climbing gear, climbing tonight! Heading to Syd 2morrow until Wed. Plans include: Climbing on Monday evening, yum-cha, catching up with crew and family.
what time will you be at the cottage then? The Ottawa crew can't believe I picked you over them :) oh, I got it picked out already! Lambada: The Forbidden Dance! (just kidding) cant wait for Oct 16th ! even if i don't get picked i would still love to see your line walk ! On my way home from the gym, I picked up some new needles and a skein of yarn. [ if this is true, I have a new crush ] LoL i picked up some exclusive brown fila's the other day...keep lookin Looks like I picked the wrong week to stop sniffing glue... i want to see Zombieland and Whip ItJust 4 hours to see if Chicago gets picked! halfback pass picked by sside down to 11 We picked up $5,294 and 6,646 pounds of food at the San Ramon Valley Islamic Center. Thank you! 201 left Pacers 40-36 Noah just picked up his 3rd I hope so. Ask He picked me over a truck he wanted for years...a Yukon! twHIVE_W20 tweet alias picked up your tweet about Web 2.0 Claptrap.. you are spence i was watching some of the ones that were picked but i got bored xP I always forget how good of a beer selection the Carmel Mountain Rd. BevMo has. Picked up some good stuff for OP of Armed Librarian is sung by Ali Project.. picked up! just picked out my dress for the phaaaaaantim of the o p e r a!!!! I love my life. On my way home from the gym, I picked up some new needles and a skein of yarn. Picked up some Blenheim Ginger Ale -- man, this stuff is hot. Never had a soda clear my sinuses before. Ok, Glen Coffee, picked him up in fantasy, and is in place of C. move? GM Mechanic Question - Hayabusa.oRg: I'm happy and picked up the now assembled and painted with epoxy paint.. been voting! :)... buttt what if mark gets picked for pro? :( I just picked a laundry basket of tomatoes (some green), green peppers, jalapenos, habaneros, chile peppers, and zucchini. In the icy rain. Have they ;picked the winner yet for the Red Mtn Spa Getaway Weekend?! A guy a handfull of K's behind me picked up every other prob for Sunday. Desperate times call for desperate measures. Oy, Soups On? HA HA! Scary!! I hope & picked up a copy of this gem of a magazine... Good, PRODUCTIVE, Friday. Worked,worked out,went and got my piece to fix my grille, picked up samples, fixed camera, watching the informant And so the olive theory lives on in my relationship. I picked out all my olives and gave them to It was rad. Picked up the BMW-designed Starbucks Sirena for $349 cad. Free Anniversary Blend beans included! Awesome! That's exactly what happened with me. The dress I picked was so not me but it was perfect. When is the wedding? my 7 year old needs to be picked up at a at 9pm. i'm totally falling asleep.... must.stay.up. thanks got them happy meals with extra toys, my son asked if I was drunk when I picked my hair colour, lmao! lol,I tried on about 4 diff tops before I picked 1 to wear to yoga on thursday! While waiting at work for a flu shot, I picked up The Big Lebowski for $10. Great flu shot or GREATEST flu shot? is gonna get picked up by my mom at SLz in a few. Took the advice of several people and picked up NHL09 instead of 10. Saved 45 bucks and it's not all that different. hills qb quinn picked off 22 secs left joes gets 32 yrd fg as time expires 17-6 joes at half this isn't the good outlet mall I wanted to hit up. Oh well, still picked up jeans and 2 oh, and i picked up BNE at FYE, ahah. i'm awesome. Word !!!!!!The fuckin Country Western Music channel could have picked a better top 10 <<<< LOL i <3 my baby boyyy. picked out bedding. so. things can actually get done. im very excited.... ... Just got picked up by my dad picked up my handmade, one of a kind evening gown from Vivian Hsu. One word... Talented. All of my posts are hand picked, I don't have an automated system filling your account with useless information Of course he is !! But Im so happy to hear it, that man is talented, amazing, and kind. Glad you picked him, right choice !! (1/2) D daneballard I picked up a 7-9 shift. No more plans. You can call me at 9:15 your time or i'll use a nearby internet cafe. I'll b ... Just picked up my packet for the RockNRoll San Jose Half Marathon on Sunday--hopefully my piriformis is good enough to run. yo bro I was at WCDrapers today and picked up 5 of the new there...check em out dude! lmao I haven't picked yet. But ntn I no of what u thinkn? Crap!!! Lou Holtz picked Louisville to win tonight. i picked i love you, man.....haha it was good.
Fraserview 1280sf High Ceilings 2 Bedroom Suite by Bobolink Park 3 blocks to golf course: [bobolink] Charles Mastin - Add isNull [blackbird] Charles Mastin - update bobolink [bobolink] Charles Mastin - Fix selectParent for nullable [blackbird] Charles Mastin - update bobolink [bobolink] Charles Mastin - ix selectParent, split out private internal function into static class method Gi bobolink lol YAYY! if you come watch it'll make my day! WOO. HAHAHAH i've been to bobolink so many times when i was a kid ahha - It's Bobolink time.
what's really going to bake your noodle later on is, is a book about atheism a book about god? Going BIG at Ramshackle right now. l. Lets do this! house to station in 2-3 minutes, impressed- now to hit the beers! RAMSHACKLE. i am multi tasking by packing and predrinking. dear god there is no way this is guna fit in mothers tiny car. Last night really took it out of me. Zombie times today! Oh well, onward and upward... Ramshackle at Academy Bristol tonight. Preparations! Join me l DJing Ramshackle w/ Pigeon Detectives tonight. Indie beat disco fun time special. :) i am so glad i took today off :) still have a few hours till hannah comes over. Can't wait for ramshackle tonight :D Great night DJing at Props Chelt tonight. Thanks to all that turned out. Feel energised for Ramshackle at l tomorrow. Yes! is my favourite market in Vancouver. The produce and meat is good and cheap. It's a bit ramshackle but i don't care - Uh, definitely Caldeum... New Tristram seems more like a ramshackle tent village of merchants and the homeless Listening to: Day Parade by Strummer And The Mescaleros RAMSHACKLE. i am multi tasking by packing and predrinking. dear god there is no way this is guna fit in mothers tiny car. Ramshackle homes an eyesore on the road ..like they use with the Oyster card in London. A far superior system than the ramshackle one we got stuck with. The Wonton Van Ramshackle van. Thats Friday Bristol Ramshackle. Hoorah. DJing this week yep yep! Thurs, Cheltenham, Blush. Sat, Manchester, MoHo Live. Friday, l, Ramshackle. ramshackle Check this video out -- The SA Promo Magazine Team -Ramshackle Rally - Split 2009 RAMSHACKLE!! too many MBA "degrees" being offered, some "institutes" run off absolutely ramshackle premises. time someone stepped in with quality norms The Blakes Under the Radar Premieres Single Ramshackle Hearse Doh! Maybe they're still on? Ramshackle Romeos w/Mr. Lucky Live 7pm 2nite - We are young, noisy, ramshackle. Not much power. Pretty well-liked. Implacable to the Koreans. Australia? GRR! ahh texting markia >:P~Ramshackle;; xD..pic4pic!? ... Ramshackle Romeos w/Mr. Lucky Live 7pm 2nite - Airsick Bags: Take Out Before Using (Hum, that plane looked pretty ramshackle from your pic. Ed) New ramshackle tracks online Lots of B&Bs, studios and restaurants amidst the ramshackle old ruins. You want to know why? this may be supposition but it is due to YOU THREAD SHITTING FUCKS NOT DESERVING ANYTHING ON YOUR RAMSHACKLE PSN! Lego car for sale: WINNER OF "BEST BANGER" RAMSHACKLE RALLY VALENCIA 2009. Get bidding for a bit of automotive history - Click click the link aboveboard Great, though very wet! Big Corn is beautiful, ramshackle, friendly, and well off beaten path. Were you in NYC last wk as well? just in a ramshackle back garden in Holloway: We are looking for someone local who.. Listened to the VM. He left his # as an extension at a ramshackle complex on the east side (yes, I googled it, I'm not denying it) Cursive turns in ramshackle covers of 'Modern Love' and 'The Lovecats' on Daytrotter: Taking my kids to the State Fair tomorrow! I keep them distracted with rodeos & pig races, they've never asked to ride the ramshackle rides. yo ramshackle, I need to do laundry and go to bed bath and beyond too. I get out at 3... Roomzin trip? The Ramshackle Fucking Union Band live in tonight, White Stokey, 10pm Found my dream house during my morning walk. A big Victorian ramshackle. Now in Labuanbajo, Flores. Gorgeous ramshackle bay that should be straight out of Pirates of the Caribbean if it was actually the Caribbean. Successful 2nd for Logan. Only 1.5 months late! As I said, ditch near the ramshackle abode... A ditch near the ramshackle abode. really wanted Enterprise to be more ramshackle, gritty instead it was: BIG NEON SIGN: LOOK KIDS, HERE'S A Trek tech here) Happy Game Day! (Hope everyone's cheering for their Gophers to ramshackle the pesky Wildcats!) Ramshackle was amazing too, albeit the goodbyes. Not going to lie to you. Ramshackle was a hell of a lot of fun.
COVER OF THE DAY: Lily Allen performing "Straight To Hell" by The Clash, featuring Mick Jones! [pic] how does next saturday or sunday look for you? I'm watching lily friday to saturday, but I could come by after on sat or on sun I don't CARE if it sounds awkward, Lily! You are NOT saying "This is beyond my skill to heal"! Lily (Kalilah) is my arizona tea soulmate. And Megen's card slave. I think about lily summer hottie shaving hairy pussy kid (l girl butt butt man penis sex fat hanging tit sexy black g who here likes lily allen? my favorite song by her is the fear who likes lily allen??? home from Lily's swimming lessons...getting Lily to bed so that I can relax Lily, you are not Aragorn and Ocean is not Elrond. Woohoo! Lily Allen's new album :) tht lily allen thing is class nothing wrong with lily you! Woohoo! Lily Allen's new album. :( I just took "que personaje de HANNAH MONTANA eres?" and got: lily! Try it: - Lily asleep and it's quite! finaly. Lily Allen - Fuck You Very Much Doing fine. Go to Dr. Monday I think. I just needed to come home for healing! God sure has been good to me. Can't wait to hold Lily Ohh NOO! I actually like Lily Allens new song! Whats up with me :| love it when they lay so flat like that. lily does it on the cold tile all the time. You want to come shopping with me and all these animals, Mommy? Mom: Sure! Lily: Vamanos! (Spanish for "Let's go!") lily white, carolinas, the cries of back from FRS:D wth lily (: it was fun! I saw dyogi and he remembered me:] yay nesse jogo deu que eu seria lily allen hahaha For sure, get me a ticket if you can and i'll be your patner in crime...btw how do ya get em free? lily s'gona be there yay! So glad I saw this Lily-is precious 'To My Friends, The fairys' ~ new blog post at Lily Live why does steve insist on putting lily to bed along with me? honestly Lily Allen - Not Fair (8 Lily you did that wrong.. always think positive. Like "When will you post the the screening of LAC in the Bay Area?" gotta believe Dan Bull's Letter to Lily Allen. He is awesome: Lily tanx k and I luv u taco <3 ignore rumors plz cuz u made me cry ... OH MY GOD THAT HAS TO BE BULLSHIT THERE'S NO WAY. BUT FUCK HOW AWESOME WOULD THAT BE?! NOEL, JOHNNY, LILY ALLEN, AND ON ONE SHOW?! just got home from movies SOMEONE didnt come! (lily) :( ... Lily Allen - 22 'To My Friends, The fairys' ~ new blog post at Lily Live .. do you believe in f airys? aaai cara, eu gosto tanto de lily allen :$ Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world. Lily Tomlin ...well... My Lily went home... having withdrawals! im watching HIMYM and must give props to whomever for remembering to change lily's hair back to red for the flashback! :D Look at lily eating cereal! mashup! 'A Reservoir Dog' by Lily Mulholland Hi Lily - how goes it? 'To My Friends, The fairys' ~ new blog post at Lily Live .. do you believe in f airys? Hi Lily.
Wow. Shit. My head Don't you just love how easily siblings give each other sickliness? needs foodz. Anyone want to bring the boys and I a big pot of chili to console us in our sickliness? is sitting on the couch with her hunny... being silly in order to cheer him up from his sickliness. Oh Lord, it's the house of sickliness over here, except we all have different things that ail us. I'm gonna go ahead and admit to this being 60% laziness, 20% lack of discipline, 10% mental issues, and 10% sickliness. apparently sickliness-less is next to sexiness? A really elephant dildo. And on that note, be a good friend and bring me soup for my sickliness.
This was my fear! - Harriet Harman Thanked By US Site After She Dares Governor - Brooke Shields' Mom & Child Pornography: Is the painting an example of free expression or child pornography? (@momlogic) German, Toronto police arrest child porn suspect: A Toronto man is facing three child pornography related charg.. Last time I checked it is called child pornography. It wasn't a crime was it? Wasn't it consensual? NEWS: Pornography at the National Science Foundation Troubled priests often shun help, say. The child pornography charges laid against Bishop Raymond Lahey were why dis lilgirl got handcuffs hang'n from her butt pocket smh, like 13wat u tryna promote? id twitpic,but dats child pornography why this lil girl got handcuffs hang'n from her butt pocket smh, like 13... wat you tryna promote? id twitpic, but thats child pornography Every Friday at this time without fail, E-Tv shows poorly shot low class pornography. WORD UP? 8 Sexting teens charged with possession of pornography where is all the hardcore pornography? FBI: A 37-y/o Buffalo NY teacher, Joseph Sautter, is charged with possessing child pornography on a Dunkirk District School-owned computer. A 37-y/o Buffalo NY teacher, Joseph Sautter, is charged with possessing child pornography on a Dunkirk District School-owned computer. Dont let us loose on pornography EVER.My autistic spectrum freak brain once elected to tell a boyf whilst riding him that From Enlightenment to Pornography - Hal Niedzviecki In October there is a 'White Ribbons Against Pornography' Week. We seriously celebrated that it in my high school. As a I resent your blatant exploitation of my kind. Now if you'll excuse me, I have all of this pornography to consume. Is It Possible For Women To Have Pornography Addictions? New blog post: Pornography at the National Science Foundation Brooke Shields' Mom and Child Pornography 8 Sexting Teens Charged with Possession of Child Pornography Is It Possible For Women To Have Pornography Addictions? in my pornography...& i sent him on his way! 8 Sexting Teens Charged with Possession of Child Pornography was good, car is looking sexual too bro. Automotive pornography! Another scary stat: 7 in 10 children admit to receiving pornography. We have the tools to help you protect your children: 8 Sexting Teens Charged with Possession of Child Pornography I've seen hardcore pornography less disgusting than the frankly sychophantic J. Ross with B. Striesand... Terrible tonight. Whats the word for someone with more than one wife, Pornography! - UPDATE : Ex-Citadel Official Tells of Fast Trades, Pornography New blog post: UPDATE : Ex-Citadel Official Tells of Fast Trades, Pornography 8 Teens Charged With Possession Of Child Pornography Brooke Shields' Mom & Child Pornography is the painting an example of free expression or child pornography? Republicans are the of "pornography, prostitution and all kinds of evil Lies, wraped in false Moral cloth. Waxahachie Man Sentenced to Eight Years in Federal Prison for Shipping Child Pornography : New post - KinkFriendlyLaw: Pornography: Will You Really Know it When You See it? Released on Bail & in R province..a bishop charged w/ child pornography waits 4 his day in in Rogersville..the story in 25 mins NB @ 5 The Democratic is no longer the of the people, but the of Liberalism, pornography, prostitution and more Latest news: Huge police sting rounds up 74 child pornography suspects let's see the video. I'm a big fan of knockouts... I'm also a big fan of pornography. But enough about me. What mom lets her 10-year-old daughter pose nude in the first place?! Painting of Brooke Shields child pornography? Brooke Shields' Mom & Child Pornography: Is the painting an example of free expression or child pornography? may have just been in a amateur voyeur pornography shoot. The Commissioners want to replace our kittens with pornography and nanny states! VOTE NO TO LISBON! Chipchase tells about women holding babies in markets sometimes meaning they are selling pornography.
The whites: Bursin "L'As de B" 07, Auratus Alvarinho y Trajadura and two Pouilly Fuisses: de la Collonge and Roux Pere & Fils american barber shop n such.. Played fokasibe.. Bigboy.pere.. Etc.. M.i. Makossa. Lepa gawu.. Kudos.. Ok bye.. Driving around in the rain avec mon pere...Can't wait for tonight's gumbo and cornbread :) Pere Ubu - Act 1, Scene 1 (Ubu No tweet all day, blackberry trackball mash up and pere craziness at work but I am back! "thats why my seat feels weird, the litte chinese guywas in here!" -le pere. i love my fatherrr. haha tanto pere perepepe Brazil! me tilde Euge. What pass con Ricardo? The Old Siwash invade Rapides Des Peres to take on the Green Juggernaut at the De Pere Polo Grounds at 1 p.m. Saturday. on air: Katleen by Pere Ubu. listen now: Live Football Video: Watch South take on De Pere @ 7 p.m. - Watch the South Redwings @ De Pere in Friday night foot... Lol Almost Threw Holy Water too! haiyo! She pulled a "Au nom du pere, du fils et du saint esprit" lmao! De Pere School Looks at Installing Geothermal System ... Kiteboarding competition visits Pere Marquette Beach - Grand Haven Tribune I am leaving for De Pere so that I can visit with PLUSH Fri in Pere Lachaise 2nt. Body painting contest, 3 DJs, and $6 Skyy drinks all nt. long and great deals on bottles too! --it was very much a "Hush princesse Pere's busy". Being an only child didn't help with that much, either. If you think you're a workaholic, then you have to meet Pere. He literally brings it home with him and works in the basement. 'Tis the truth Pere, they won't really get that from mine. Today's FF tasting: Dufouleur Pere & Fils Cremant de Bourgogne (I had to do it), Ondine SA Cab, Domaine Gayda Grenache, Cht Crk Cab Franc. If you'd like to do that, that'd be fine with me and I'm sure Pavi won't mind. And honestly, no big deal. Stop fussing Pere. Pere Ubu rereleased the fabled Datapanik in the Year Zero box set. Goal is set to find and buy it. Medical Equipment Service and Delivery-O... - De Pere, WI Get Medical Equipment Jobs Yes, that's right!! hahaha no i did not - i told my mum, she must have passed on the message to mon pere - good times! ...well, if it aint my dawg I dot C dot E pere'id! (I.C.E.)... whuts good bro.... NOWAAY! HE'S MY HUSBIEE! Dari gue belom dibuat sama emak bapak gueee Hei, dia udah dr lahir pacaran sama gue, wanita pere ... Jim Morrison's grave at Pere Lachaise Cemetry. Found it in just 20 min this time around. Parents of punk this Saturday Working on preparations for The Nutcracker Sweets Holiday Gala to benefit the YWCA of Green Bay and De Pere high school football today: West De Pere HS (4-1) at Luxemburg-Casco HS (2-3) high school football today: Sheboygan South HS (2-3) at De Pere HS (3-2) da pere hahaha "the peir" Pere Ubu's Heaven is helping my mood. do you mean Ubuntu 9.10 Karmic? Victory (M. Tourneur, 1919) My first Tourneur pere film. His visual sense oversomes what could have been a totally routine action-melodrama. Terrell's Tune-Up: The king and I I've loved Pere Ubu a ' the avant-weirdo band originally from Cleveland a ' f.. HOTC awarded an additional 10K from the Fr. Pere Menard Foundation making this year's contribution 25K 2 flow clean H2O 2 Tayakome. Bless U. TERRELL'S TUNEUP: PERE UBU LIVES UP TO ITS NAME This weekend's destination, Mondrian Scottsdale-Red Bar,Blue Bar,Pere Lachaise and Asia De Cuba-unique venues for a night on the town : whatta" koteka days??? yang pere gimana makenya??? :)) hahahaha biasa jenkz...ad pere rese sok banget...degh sumpah mauku sumbat mulutnya pake terong...huff...hahahahahahah gila ... This weekend's destination, Mondrian Scottsdale-Red Bar,Blue Bar,Pere Lachaise and Asia De Cuba-unique venues for a night on the town her pere is low Dinner tonight: Fiocci Di Formaggio E Pere. Pasta packets filled with cheeses and pear on cream sauce. Otherworldly The International Comic Forum Oct 15 6:30 feat. Max & Pere Joan Instituto Cervantes (@iCervantes) Chicago
Well, there goes civilisation. I'm on the next spaceship out of here. Yep! I just got bored and searching random things and I tpyed in celtic civilisation because I do it and you came up! okay, cool! we've got three Mommies, that's all we need to recreate civilisation anew right?!! enjoying the lay back deck chairs at singapore Now that's civilisation between flights. onto Penang in.. enjoying the lay back deck chairs at singapore Now that's civilisation between flights. onto Penang in an hour... "What do I think of Western civilisation? I think it would be a very good idea." welcome back to civilisation! I hope your accent hasn't changed yet - try saying 'back'. Is it 'back' or 'baaahck'? - My beautiful piece of work from today's Classical Civilisation class. Peter Andre has got a NEW SHOW. Horray for him and horray for civilisation. today commercial tv in the Netherlands is 20 years old. 20 years of rubbish and destruction of civilisation. Could Food Bring Down Civilisation? Filing is the cornerstone of civilisation seems like all civilisation is to fall out...and no one is discriminated!!! Is mankind coming to a halt??? well back to civilisation ! The end is in sight. (I refer, of course, to the working week - not civilisation as we know it. That would be too scary for a Tweet.) On the ferry heading to non civilisation............. well it is the weekend of an Old Firm Derby It could never be described as civilised My favourite Gandhi quotes 1: Q: What do you think of Western civilisation? A: "I think it would be a good idea" Get Sid Meier's Civilisation Revolution Finally back to civilisation after sneaky leicester square phone thief stole my phone from my bag while I was IN THE CINEMA I was drained having not seen civilisation for months. After my rescue, I vowed that I would never again visit the Isle of Wight - civilisation phase III. exit hair. and how. welcome back to civilisation... you missed much It's a sign of the decline of civilisation as we know it. :-( Poor the Jim Bergerac. Verifying rumours that will tweeting next week. <-this could be the end of civilisation as we know it TGIF, I was gonna kill myself if I continued getting 5 hours of sleep a day because of that boon of civilisation called SCHOOL. GANDHI (b'day 2day), was once asked what he thought of Western civilisation. "That would b a good idea" he replied w/ a chuckle was there about 2000-1 liked it, but ex-wife didn't. Wanted to move back to 'civilisation' in the midlands. Of all the questions that plague modern civilisation, "which espresso maker represents me?" is quite possibly the hardest. GANDHI (140th today), was once asked what he thought of Western civilisation. "That would be a good idea" he replied with a chuckle via Verifying rumours that will tweeting next week. <-this could be the end of civilisation as we know it I'm reading about self-sustaining culture on isolated Scots island of St Kilda, which was destroyed by contact with c19th "civilisation". .. Procrastination is the cornerstone of our civilisation ^_^ Finally! Reached civilisation after 2hrs being lost. MACCAS HERE I COME! lmao or u in speedos and crocs, however we would have 2 pro-create in case civilisation was ending *wink* Civilisation is two square meals away from barbarity, huh, and it looks like I forgot to pack a lunch. *tooooooooooke* I wish that too :( but then you'd be too far from civilisation ;) How is it possible for the "nations capita" to have no Opera on all week? Civilisation lost Bizarre. Other places manage to do these things without civilisation falling to pieces. Do these folk ever venture out of uk? ENVIRONMENT: Could Food Bring Down Civilisation? My favourite Gandhi quotes 1: Q: What do you think of Western civilisation? A: "I think it would be a good idea" you got it! Coconut-cracking is civilisation at its best... If this is civilisation I'll better crack coconuts on a peaceful sunny island welcome back in civilisation :o) Lovegrenade - Return To The Cradle Of Civilisation The Great War for Civilisation The traditional definition of "heresy" using a modern example. When a civilisation is on its last legs, these are the symptoms, the environmental degradation mpressed by China again! How great is this country with 5000 years of civilisation....
Waiting to photograph sunset at the Tejon Ranch Ansel Adams on the key to a great photograph BC Lions game tonight!! So stoked to photograph it!! C'mon you Lions roar!!! I would give a few toes for the chance to photograph her. In Walnut Creek...ready to photograph the wedding rehearsal and dinner. A beautiful afternoon. Custom rig to photograph 300 foot tall redwood trees. then, in a totally creepy way, i'd like to photograph youuu I've never had a photograph evoke such fear at first glance! Amazing shot of a Sumatran Tiger on Flickr. Image- Himalayan barrier: Himalayan barrierIn this photograph taken by the European Envisat "A great photograph is knowing where to stand." - Ansel Adams Image- Himalayan barrier: Himalayan barrierIn this photograph taken by the European Envisat satellite, th.. I'm going to photograph a sea otter's MRI in Anchorage on Monday. At a big people's hospital. I'm going to photograph a sea otter's MRI in Anchorage on Monday. At a big people's hospital. Gets to photograph a sea otter's MRI in Anchorage on Monday. At a big people's hospital. I ask where are all those long curly red hair girls when you need them (to photograph)? Abu Dhabi Daily Photograph - Get the BIGGER picture: Formula One ... You don't take a photograph. You ask, quietly, to borrow it. ~Author Unknown Make Money Selling Photograph True Blood: season one, episode 12: guardian.co.uk Undeath and the maiden: True Blood. Photograph: Channel 4 So.. You don't take a photograph. You ask, quietly, to borrow it. ~Author Unknown Rainy Day Toronto photograph now uploaded as an wallpaper. Let me know how it looks if you try it out! what a crappy day to see the boys in the photograph :( I want to and Reflection Photograph How to photograph mountains: Camera Tip: Beauty can be seen in all things, seeing and composing the beauty is what separates the snapsh ot from the photograph. Guess it depends on what you like to photograph. I feel like a photograph of rainy taoist beach. we spent a lovely afternoon here when touring Antrim the other week: I photographed this little one when she was a newborn,such a treat to photograph her a year later for her 1st bday! Yeah,Like Always lol :) Tyra Was The Photograph,She's So Funny lol xx with a Photograph - Michael Hoppen Gallery - with a Photograph - Michael Hoppen Contemporary - - I got to photograph this gorgeous little one when she was a newborn so it was a treat to photograph her almos ... NOM NOM. i like the darker of the two, but going to photograph all 4 EMPTY bottles against my tied dyed so it's delirious. Good night people, off to take lots of photos of Bournemouth tomorrow that I can take to China. Suggestions of things/places to photograph? If anything, the story about the photograph isn't about the photograph at all, but its having been taken, having been publicized even then. not ideal conditions to photograph a race! Hope they better than last time - omm was on the same day! Loved it. I've always been really interested in what others think make a good photograph. Different for everyone that's for sure. yeah man i have so much work. need to photograph dormal formal (fuck me) but might go out after LOL!! YEP... lots of green sky for you to photograph...HAHAHAHA (evil laugh) :D > I luv it! I would love to photograph Mars in Nov.......seriously. There is nothing more I want to do right now than photograph. Nothing. look at this photograph every time i look at it it makes me laugh LOL!! YEP... lots of green sky for you to photograph...HAHAHAHA (evil laugh) :D The photograph is the principal currency in which architecture is traded
Just got to work and I got this dam indian kidd talking my ear off already this nigga better not think he's gonna be talking all night Baha! For you graphic designers out there, Chip Kidd shows his stuff in the new music video "Asymmetrical Girl" justt qot homee fromm football with cole khalik emmanuel azaria cheyenne miasia & daisa. oh n some fat kidd. lmfao. well text me. Pz FRIDAY NIGHT!!!!! Crisco Kidd Block is on NOW!!! Power 106fm ABQ -let's get it! lol what you need help with Kidd ??!? AH IF U DONT KNW THA KIDD YUNG PRINCE HIT MY PAGE AN SEE WATS GOOD WITH THE KIDD COMMENT PIKS AN MESSAGE ME YOU DUG ... FRIDAY NIGHT!!!!! Crisco Kidd Block is on NOW!!! Power 106fm ABQ -let's get it! AM Kidd coming to the EAST BAY AREA; Union City. MEET & GREET him w/ me! Whomever Jason Kidd plays for. This year it's Mavs again LOL I'm much more of a player fan... so looking 4ward to lots of teams Just got done playin golf with my Grandpa.. i havent played since 2007 but i still got it. da kidd hit the ball over 300yards wit the driver Looks like I have to make a detour to the Batcave real quick b4 I go see J.Kidd n the Mavs. Euless here I come! AH IF U DONT KNW THA KIDD YUNG PRINCE HIT MY PAGE AN SEE WATS GOOD WITH THE KIDD COMMENT PIKS AN MESSAGE ME YOU DUG ... Mavs scrimmage: white team- Q Ross, JJ Barea, J Terry, J Singleton, D Nowitzki, J Voskhul, D Gooden. Blue team - S Marion, J Kidd, R Be ... aimflow : xacekidd718x - pc4pc? - comment the kidd ... YEEEAH MAVERICKS! got marion, josh, damp, kidd, coach & many more autographs. lets get this scrimmage go mavs! oh yeaa kidd jusz wntd me ta go to tha game .. thtsz a definite uhm NO lmao - Wow Whuu' wuhd now thad thee' Dorm kuhhld be' so Much F U N.?!!!. Eww j.kidd its fweakin' L A M E ... lmao!!!!! JANE IS SOOO EFFIN CUTE! XD - that kidd vinnie What's good folk. Hi haterz love u anyway keep watching the Kidd !!! Roc-Nation All Black Everythang wtfff kidd whats going down hustlin' kidd. . . w'chyu into? What up kidd this lil kidd juss tred to buck with meeh ! hell nah niqqa stay in school . & get out the 5th grade for the 2rd ti ... Looks like you didn't check out my review. The Kidd Vs. Whip It. Yes, it's a good time. That or Zombieland, you can't go wrong. Gotta be fuckin kidd'n me...ughhh I can't stand non intelligent,successful women that kidd dident want to get down he waz to a wussy to get down ... *Danggg Im Soo SOOOO Confuseddddd. . . Nd Damnnn Kidd Why Are Yuu Soo Obsessed;;? 26 Moree Dayssz(: ... aahhhh I freakin love u kidd... I kno I'm random sometimes but so wat lol dam she want me but i want her friend! dam kidd i'm trippin! how bout i get both! she say i'm trippin kidd ... fOllOW fRiDAY ;; >> MEMbER Of tHEE COOl kiDD COMMittEE ---- AYY! hmm yew should do KIdd = ) duhh buhd qrrr where yew stayy ? gurl waiting 4 dez ppl 2 cum kidd nap me.. out ma dorm...lol "we're going to turn this team around 360 degrees" - Jason Kidd, upon joining the Dallas Mavericks -Knew I WOuld LOve YOu Like A Fat Kidd LOves FOOd -Comment my NEW Pikks Pretty Pls & I'll Return The LOve <$ ... juss killed some boneheads .. they puttin finishin touches on Compound come upp here lata and pop some bottles wit tha kidd :o) 40 are the shit my kidd ! Yours Truly is about to head to the AAC to kick it with Jason Kidd and some of the other Mavs! AH IF U DONT KNW THA KIDD YUNG PRINCE HIT MY PAGE AN SEE WATS GOOD WITH THE KIDD COMMENT PIKS AN MESSAGE ME YOU DUG ... I'm bout 2 slap sumbody kidd already!!!! Man o Man!!!! your no cool kidd. ;) ahha text mehh. plans? yes! ... izova feat a kidd 10-2-09 @ malones bar n grill 604 east dyer rd santa ana ca 92705 9pm 21 ladies free b4 10 AH IF U DONT KNW THA KIDD YUNG PRINCE HIT MY PAGE AN SEE WATS GOOD WITH THE KIDD COMMENT PIKS AN MESSAGE ME YOU DUG ... -Knew I WOuld LOve YOu Like A Fat Kidd LOves FOOd -Comment my NEW Pikks Pretty Pls & I'll Return The LOve <$ ... Haha, Theres Some Random Kidd On My Trampolineee. ... ima stop being mean...love this island kidd >> << even if he is barely in his 3rd home atl or 2nd home mia sighs... I heard her on Kidd Kraddick this morning. She was great. She is a great person and performer. Love her. SUNDAY AT THRIVE NIGHTCLUB: CORRIE LOFTIN BASH W/DJ BILLY THE KIDD [@billyontheradio] dam she want me but i want her friend! dam kidd i'm trippin! how bout i get both! she say i'm trippin kidd ... AH IF U DONT KNW THA KIDD YUNG PRINCE HIT MY PAGE AN SEE WATS GOOD WITH THE KIDD COMMENT PIKS AN MESSAGE ME YOU DUG ...
Rome PureFlex Lacing Sneak Peak | Product News | Snowboarder Guide FlowLuckyFree! Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder: Amazingly they discovered Tomski was able to transfer.. Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder: Amazingly they discovered Tomski was able to transfer.. Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder: Amazingly they discovered Tomski was able to transfer.. Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder: Amazingly they discovered Tomski was able to transfer.. Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder: Amazingly they discovered Tomski was able to transfer.. Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder: Amazingly they discovered Tomski was able to transfer.. Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder: Amazingly they discovered Tomski was able to transfer.. Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder: Amazingly they discovered Tomski was able to transfer.. Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder: Amazingly they discovered Tomski was able to transfer.. Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder: Amazingly they discovered Tomski was able to transfer.. Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder: Amazingly they discovered Tomski was able to transfer.. Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder: Amazingly they discovered Tomski was able to transfer.. Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder: Amazingly they discovered Tomski was able to transfer.. Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder: Amazingly they discovered Tomski was able to transfer.. Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder: Amazingly they discovered Tomski was able to transfer.. sorry I didn't see this. I am not sure I have a fav yet... I like the little snowboarder, Chuck Liddel, and Micheal Irving u? Had an awesome interview with pro snowboarder this morning. Very very neat gal; follow her on Twitter! i'm fans of mark and lacey for the same reason and i'm a fan of chelsea and the snowboarder because i'm a fan of chelsea lol Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder (From Messenger Newspapers): just got back from weeklong holiday. went snwbrdin for 1st time - good weather = wicked time! but...a noob snowboarder sunburn = FKN OW! Favorite couple on Dancing with the Stars this time - Louie & Chelsea, snowboarder is just so cute. Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder (From Messenger Newspapers): Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder - Messenger Youngster defies the odds to become champion snowboarder Youtubing warren miller vids is unhealthy for a longtime snowboarder living in socal...it's that time again.. LOUIE, THE SNOWBOARDER X Games snowboarder Louie Vito survives bottom three on Dancing ... - Ski Channel nope Todd "The Toddler" Richards gets it he's like 75 and still a pro snowboarder if you're not a skier (or snowboarder), you won't care...if you are woah these snowboarder dudes have longer hair then me The snowboarder in me gets a little tingly when I see a storm slammed up against the mountains. X Games snowboarder Louie Vito survives bottom three on Dancing ... Oakley News Update | Industry News | Snowboarder Guide Vestal Snowboarder Louie Vito Hangs on Tips: Trick Tips: Front 7 off the Toes | Snowboarder Magazine: This week Scotty Vines takes you step by st.. News: Flow Snowboarding News | Snowboarder Magazine: Everything Flow; new logo, team video, and Donny Dent.. X Games snowboarder Louie Vito survives bottom three on Dancing with the Stars or! since you're pretty busy right now, we can take the snowboarder this winter! cool right? she rides? So awesome this was an ad in the latest snowboarder mag. They are practically begging you to hit spots. yeah! my friend is a snowboarder:D <3 At Borders catching up on my reading. Snowboarder Magazine Vol. 22 Issue 4. have a nice b day Shaun im a snowboarder Ohno and snowboarder Lindsey Jacobellis will be featured in Vicks cold medicine
Fear will hinder faith, but faith halts fear. The righteous will live by faith. Galatians 3:11 The fruit of the spirit is love, joy and peace. Galatians 5:22 "You have become estranged from Christ, U who attempt 2B justified by law" Galatians 5:4 Let us not lose in doing good, for in due time we will reap if we do not grow weary (Galatians 6:9) the only thing that counts is faith expressing itself through love - galatians 5:6 "But the fruit of the spirit is luv, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, self-control" THE BOOK OF GALATIANS Stand fast therefore in the by which Christ has made us free, and do not be entangled again with a yoke of bondage. Galatians 5:1 I have been crucified with Christ. It is no longer I who live, but Christ who lives in me. (Galatians 2:20a) <3 "Carry each others' burdens, and in this way you will fulfill the law of Christ." Galatians 6:2 [ ] Galatians 4... I want to tell you this: While the heir* is still a child, he is no different from a slave. ... [ ] Galatians 4... I want to tell you this: While the heir* is still a child, he is no... Let us not become weary in doing good for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up- Galatians 6:9 "If we live by the Spirit, let's also walk by the Spirit." Galatians 5:25 "And the law is not of faith; but, He who does them will have life by them." (Galatians, 3, 12) (Matthew 21:12) and Paul lets his anger out on people through Galatians. So is this at all contradictory? No! It's just that Jesus and Paul It is written that God's spirit makes us "gentle and self-controlled." (Galatians 5:23) Yet, Jesus flipped tables of businessmen Cant wait till sunday. Gonna be speaking on Galatians 5. Come on out to 1 Samuel 2 Samuel Ezra Nehemiah Ecclesiastes Lamentations Galatians somebooks you should read If you want to get a jump on Sunday and come with a point of reference, read Romans and Galatians Wherefore the law was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ, that we might be justified by faith. -Galatians 3:24 "But let him who gets teaching in the word give a in all good things to his teacher." (Galatians, 6, 6) The fruit of the spirit is love, joy and peace. Galatians 5:22 Yoga, tea & galatians. Cookbooks, coffee & dreams. Onto veggie sandwich, vegan cookies & lots of laughing with a favorite. Happy friday "But now, after that ye have known God, or rather are known of God, how turn ye again to the weak and beggarly elements..." <Galatians 4:9> Galatians, then work, then a weekend full of Sys Theo III and no friends... WAH WAH... Responsibility sucks! I will miss you all.. Galatians 5:16 "Walk in the Spirit and you shall not fufill the lust of the flesh." <---- amen Galatians 5:16 "Walk in the Spirit and you shall not fufill the lust of the flesh." Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up. Galatians 6:9 12 For I did not receive it from any man, nor was I taught it, but I received it through a revelation of Jesus Christ (Galatians 1:11-12) "Stand fast in the wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage." Galatians 5:1 KJV I say then: Walk in the Spirit, and you shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh. Galatians 5:16 This month's Freebie Wallpaper is up & ready for your desktop! Based on Galatians 6:9 :: // Check ... Watching Firefly, but trying to motivate myself to do my Galatians translation. This month's Freebie Wallpaper is up & ready for your desktop! Based on Galatians 6:9 :: // Check it! Last tweet! By Galatians 5:16 I say then: Walk in the Spirit, and you shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh. Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap. (Galatians 6:7 KJV) and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and gave Himself up for me.?" Galatians 2:20 Galatians 6:3 "For if a man think himself to be something, when he is nothing, he decieveth himself." <---- Pride By Galatians 5:16 I say then: Walk in the Spirit, and you shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh. ... Galatians 5:16 I say then: Walk in the Spirit, and you shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh. Galatians 2:16 "Convinced that no human being can please God by self-improvement, we believed in Jesus as the Messiah..." and read 1 Chronicles 16, Ezekiel 28 and Galatians 1-2 Late tweeters: This month's Freebie Wallpaper is up & ready for your desktop! Based on Galatians 6:9 :: ...
Absinthe, the most pernicious and treacherously fascinating of all alcoholic stimulants, is now banned in France.(NY1915) TRAGIC. NY 1915: Absinthe, most pernicious & treacherously fascinating of all alcoholic stimulants, now banned in France. Absinthe, the most pernicious and treacherously fascinating of all alcoholic stimulants, is now banned in France.(NY1915) Absinthe, the most pernicious and treacherously fascinating of all alcoholic stimulants, is now banned in France.(NY1915) Israel and Judas called anyway. "I knew you would deal treacherously, and before you were called a rebel" (Is. 48:8). Israel and Judas called anyway. "I knew you would deal treacherously, and before you were called a rebel" (Is. 48:8). Israel and Judas called anyway. "I knew you would deal treacherously, and before you were called a rebel" (Is. 48:8). Israel and Judas called anyway. "I knew you would deal treacherously, and before you were called a rebel" ...wow Israel and Judas called anyway. "I knew you would deal treacherously, and before you were called a rebel" (Is. 48:8). Israel and Judas called anyway. "I knew you would deal treacherously, and before you were called a rebel" (Is. 48:8). Israel and Judas called anyway. "I knew you would deal treacherously, and before you were called a rebel" (Is. 48:8). Shiny blue pool water is practically screaming at me to get in on this treacherously hot day ._. But i'm too tired made a promise he acted treacherously against it, when he was trusted he betrayed..[Muslim], when he made a promise he acted treacherously against it, when he was trusted he betrayed.[Muslim] when he made a promise he acted treacherously against it, when he was trusted he betrayed.[Muslim]
ew, no bitch. I smell like vevlet tuberose :) also have a bridal shower 800 peonies from new zeland and liliy of the valley hopefully 500 tuberose and mini cymbs stunning Spotted at this morning: Zinnias, tuberose, pumpkin vine, hydrangeas, amaranth, snaps, bittersweet, celosia, dahlias... my head just flooded w. memories of hongkong 20 years ago. scent of franjipani & tuberose. buying silk for friends in tokyo. want to go now! What I'll miss of Bali 1):the scent of: burning rice fields, ginger & palm sugar, tuberose, the salty sea, incense tell em u wanna give em a bottle of Mariahs Forever that u heard its great 4 cookin 4 its apple,tuberose n gardenia oil,hee Found my Parfumerie Generale samples of Drama Nuui and Tuberose Couture, they go well with ash brown hair, bitter/sweet jasmine & lily Aftelier's Cepes Tuberose is one of my favorites! Such a strange, intoxicating fragrance.. It's interesting how porcini are also known as cepes and found their way into (such as Aftelier Cepes & Tuberose) Tuberose violet=organoleptic orgasm. Best combo ever for a woman, fragrance-wise .. especially in autumn. French Provence Shea Butter soap 7 oz bar in rose bag, Tuberose I'm all fresh & clean! Spritz a little of my B&BW Velvet Tuberose perfume on so I smells too. Smelling 'Forever'@MariahCarey unfolds like a beautiful melody w/radiant notes Neroli,Lotus Blossom,Gardenia,Tuberose,White musk,Exoticwoods Smell that? It's Fayetteville Farmer's Market! Basil, tuberose, fresh coffee... Experimenting with burning oils today: 6 drops tuberose, 3 drops rose absolute, 2 drops vetiver, 1 drop cinnamon. holy crap. AMAZING Thanks girl! I hope avoiding this nasty chem. takes care of a lot of migraines. Tuberose with vetiver? Be still my A little French bird told me that three new fragrances highlighting Tuberose w/Vetiver will enter the market soon. Intoxicating combination.
I just defeated albedo in battle. I favorited a YouTube video -- Vangelis - Albedo 0.39 Albedo One! If SnowWhite is redder than you first estimated, might it be closer to the larger size estimate of 1400km (ie., lower albedo)? Albedo change about to alter Alaska - Capital City Weekly Looks like you'll have an Albedo figure to look forward to in December. I was thinking maybe Starbucks!Albedo. XD A decrease in albedo leads to increased warming. What is albedo? Moore/Sacco: A decrease in albedo leads to increased warming why must high albedo and low albedo be like complete OPPOSITES of what they mean. high is low and low is high. wtf. what's albedo? A mexican restaurant? the is losing too much albedo. basically, not enough light is being reflected into space. maybe its too late to save us No, no, can't, but I'm pretty sure they're never gonna make an Albedo so I decided to do it while I had a spare. - My custom Albedo. Me neither. No, wait. I made my Albedo this weekend. MUHAHAHA One always does that, sequins just increase overall albedo. Michael's Astronomical Albedo: Item Idem & Sach Leong to Orbit The
i've had mercantilism defined differently in each history class. probably just means pre-Adam Smith econ that is confusing as shit. writing about mercantilism its not like id rather b sleepin or anything You say im a pack rat, i say i embrace some of the beliefs of mercantilism Teori Prdgn Klasik terbhgi kpd 5 :- mercantilism,absolute advtge,comparative advtge,comparative advtge with money,relative factor endwments What Michael Moore calls capitalism is really mercantilism, socialism and fascism I think the idea is that if the book is too skinny it can't be sold for full price. Ah, mercantilism. lipstick wearing off--reality setting in. the six intervals of capitalism since the fall of mercantilism...blah blah blah to a extent, depedency theory is similiar to mercantilism, stress of own interest, encurage & restrict if every country too rely on mercantilism to protect national interest, it eventually brings back to era of self-sufficiency to trade or war If one day, gold is as cheap as tin, then what happen to Mercantilism?? is Mercantilism itself a paradox?encourage and impose many restrictions on if every country do this, who do - Go, Go Mercantilism (for the record, twitter thinks this is a misspelled word). Who can explain American colonial mercantilism to me? I am so confused. This is what I get for being Canadian. Go figure.
Pacers v Bulls: Sitting Krieg Devalt Club Level w/the fam' ... Thnx Pacers 4 great tix! Box tonight!!!!! V excited! Largin'! WTF I want my MERLIN season 2 America t.v. sucks Famo pls V is just fine a busy day@work wrapped up wth cider n wine wth sm interesting mates frm work n talk of politics n the state, liked it v much indeed Add another ballpark to the list. @ the new Busch Stadium. Cards v Brew Crew. What up Tzone! It's going down tonight at V-Lounge, come find ya boy in V.I.P. with and many more! Come on!!!! wishes there was TGIF on t.v like there was back in the day. u knew what you were gonna watch friday night and it was good It's a v warm wind blowing. 10am & already 29 in Brisbane. Supposed to be 33 today! gettin dress L.V on da feet" polo white v.neck and sum gucci jeans, WATCH niggas swagga jock Walks Huff on four pitches. Come on, Carlos. v this is why the runners in motion! v Walk to Huff, now score!!! v This woman's work makes remember something. <3 Love this song I'd make a perfect V. waltz - Rumba in New Boyz "Your A Jerk" video one of the guys has a Pierce The Veil on! Check It Out! pick and =D v Tua v Cameron fight tonight. Who do you have your money on? the hangover with riley and jenny and v New software: Any DVD Pro. v. 3.78 in Audio/Video Tools Download software: Access Lock v. 3.34 in Utilities/Access Control Can't wait until Monday's Packers v. Vikings game. And today o am driving to work too Love Struck by V Factory Just about to go home! V sleepy!! V peed off with hubby where is he?? oh my favorite namesake ! I can't stop to think about V.A. oh my gosh he doesn't go out of my head ! what I do ? foi perfect onteeem *-* a.m.o.v.c eating up the pitch count v Today was awesome! Wish I could've camped over night..but I got my 1st Rugby match tomorrow! UNLV v. USD.! Free admissions! :) HOORAY! So much for the pitcher's duel. Upton has 3 RBI triple. 4-0 B1. v Going to V. Gardens Mousavi working on plans for national general strike v soon. balk, Maggs to 2nd. v 1.3756 v about to What's the over/under on # of mins before Gaborik tears his groin? Thanx for the Love ... Peavy is going to be a fan favorite in Chicago. His stuff is just fantastic. v just sitin here watchin t.v. and eatin snacks....lol ... Have you tried the new and improved Get great people recommendations with one click. YAAAY! Thought u were dissin me! Was like why in V-COMM & not in the Twitterverse! HeHe...Love it! ADDICTS UNITE! what you been up to i'v been twittering all day today. I made 24 tweets | $ |With the Bestfriend were having Disney/Scary movie night baby.(: I looove you Mercedes and I love your Irish v ... I am at the point if I wonder if a) should bunt more b) be pinch hit for c) bat leadoff v 20 minutes away from San Marcos v New Braunfels Canyon. A gorgeous night here with temp in the low 70s and no wind. Brad Paisly and Dirks Bently tonight, Cissy Butler arrives tonight, home game v APU tomorrow.. Couldn't ask for a better weekend.. oh my favorite namesake ! I can't stopo to think about V.A. oh my gosh he doesn't gom out of my head ! what I do ? I'm going to write a book called "What happened to you, which will the t.v. show "@alecksu, where are you?!" yes. Okay, food. Then shower/t.v./sleep. Then shopping in the morning with Jill :D bye! call me<3 You Are Amazing.. I Love You Babe.. V.L.P 9.14.09..&65 Happy.. Huntin In The Mornin.. I Miss You So Much.. ... Heading back to V.I.P
I would give bobby ______ ?? <-- a BABY .. A bby from ethiopia <3. I would give bobby ______ ?? <-- a BABY .. A bby from ethiopia <3. Mystery phrase is M-UNTAIN NYALA. Clue: shaggy antelope of ? s of ethiopia. Mystery phrase is M-UNTAIN NYAL-. Clue: shaggy antelope of ? s of ethiopia. Mystery phrase is M-UNTAI- N-AL-. Clue: shaggy antelope of ? s of ethiopia. Mystery phrase is M---TAI- N-AL-. Clue: shaggy antelope of ? s of ethiopia. Mystery phrase is M---T--- --AL-. Clue: shaggy antelope of ? s of ethiopia. Broken or unused mobile? Send it 2 me, S Harding, 43 Hanover Way, Windsor, Berks, SL4 5NN, UK & I'll make wind up radios 4 Ethiopia from it Reinventing Mammy as Madam Ethiopia is officially next level. Comments are hot garbage- Brothers is "Amos 'n' Andy feeling?" I don't see any reason why not! What do you want? We have a Rwandan, Kenyan, Columbian CoE Costa Rican, and an Ethiopia Yerg. at least it's safer...I was in Ethiopia 2 months ago and all the electricity goes out at the How u land a plane??? RE: Traveling to eastern African (Djibouti, Ethiopia, Eritrea or Sudan?): I totally agree with udo1! Visit Ethi.. Sunrise and sunset times for Ethiopia and over 2.3 million other places at a discovery in Ethiopia older than Lucy??? Ethiopia is the of humans. What Mussolini did to that woman he did to Ethiopia? What the fuck are you talking about? Earliest hominid found in Ethiopia a hominid? Hahaha...I thought we were having lunch? and you are all the way in Ethiopia.. :-) Lol they found the remains of a woman/ape who lived 4.4. million yrs ago.. N they found the remains where?? In AFRICA Ethiopia Lol they found the remains of a woman/ape who lived 4.4. million yrs ago.. N they found the remains where?? In AFRICA Ethiopia are you going to Ethiopia? I want to hear everything about it & see your photos! Not in a stalker way, just interested. I will be in Ethiopia from next week. Any interesting climate change people/projects you think I should visit? Fossil finds extend human story (Ethiopia) I will be in Ethiopia from next week. Any interesting people/projects you think I should visit? Let me know: Want to see Ethiopia's amazing rock churches? (A slight delay) If there are First World countries like America and Third World countries like Ethiopia. What is a Second World country? Water Well USD:50.00 [Ethiopia/Health/Families] Build a water well for a village (ONE family cost). The cost is incl Tomorrow sunrises 3:15utc and sets 15:24utc in Mati, Ethiopia. See for over 2.3m other places. RE: Traveling to eastern African (Djibouti, Ethiopia, Eritrea or Sudan?): Flattery will get you... somewhere.... Ethiopia? Good luck and stay safe. are we on for this tomorrow? Roasting tonite.Available tomorrow Ethiopia Amaro Gayo natural process organic Where the fuck is I'm starving. My is like Ethiopia. I need to go get some food. Hurry bitch. Oldest human linked skeleton found in Ethiopia, lends credence to common ancestry. Is there a joke about Dems and Repubs in here? Hey Bro Hey how was ya'll day today??? We still goin to Lil' Ethiopia Bro I am gearing up for Amsterdam-Ethiopia-Amsterdam-Seattle. See you at the Velorama in AMS? Ethiopia Adoption: Bringing Home Zoie Senait # # What are you drinking? Time for a cup of home roasted Ethiopia Organic DP Bonko "Black Sun" from If I didn't know any better I would think I'm in ethiopia (why? Lmao!) Water Well USD:50.00 [Ethiopia/Health/Families] Build a water well for a village (ONE family cost). The cost is incl word. how's that goin? still thinkin calgary? lets just fuck this & go back 2 ethiopia real talk. i think i've had enough. 4.4 Million-Year-Old Human Ancestor Discovered in Ethiopia I'd like to see her on a coin; what do you think? Really? "Ardi" was the best name they could come up with? "Discovery in Ethiopia Casts Light on Human Origins" ... Followers in Col, OH tomorrow is Kirwan's brownbag lecture,"Culture Death?: A Case Study from Ethiopia." Followers in Col, OH tomorrow is Kirwan's brownbag lecture, "Culture Death?: A Case Study from Feedzilla Discovery in Ethiopia casts light on human origins (source: Reuters) Traveling to eastern African (Djibouti, Ethiopia, Eritrea or Sudan?): Hello travelers... Discovery in Ethiopia casts light on human origins - Who or what is Ardi? We're not from monkeys??? Oldest remains found in - earliest human fossil found in Ethiopia, where coffee originates from. Coincidence?! No way. Does anyone know anything about Ethiopia? I really need to know...
I like fluffing pillows. Its so oddly gratifying. I don't remember the last time I actually made a grilled cheese sandwich. In your honour I made one - it was gratifying. only the 1 hour commute away from my 2 day vacation (you may call it a weekend, but I'm going w/ vacation... makes it more gratifying). in a walk for the prevention of it is very gratifying to in these causes and each other Currently playing traffic director and baseball small-talk guy in Kenmore Square...'tis oddly gratifying!! Who knew writing a help section could feel so gratifying? wow. cleaning my keyboard at work. absolutely disguisting & gratifying. gross. so gross. Just receive orders from & always a gratifying shopping experience! you both! It's somewhat gratifying to see them in a panic, not knowing how to fill my shoes. has great on new book-Mothers &daughters can't be best friends, but can have a gratifying relationship. Cooking and raising kids are both highly creative, sensual and gratifying pursuits. One has dishes, the other diapers. Doing my own tech work is a little scary but gratifying when it goes right. Ah, my subscription to the UK Government Data Developer's Google Group finally got approved. How gratifying. "extremely gratifying" but we have a million things to do Yeah! Your posts have an interesting arc: "so bored it "very gratifying moment", "wonderful life". Makes me want to know It's gratifying when the simulated life I have online brings concrete value to my real life. It's gratifying when the simulated life I have online brings concrete value to my real life. while chicago olympics would have been fun it must have been incredibley gratifying to say no to oprah. Thanks for all the and mentions, it is a wonderful Friday, thanks goes out to the IOC, it is gratifying to be among patriots With a 4 Follow Thru, why is it so hard to get to the desk work but when I do it's so gratifying? Is there anything more gratifying than public I think not! juggling two careers is tough. But as long as the work's fun and gratifying, I'll never get tired! AJA! Something gratifying about all the urgent msgs & coworkers chasing me down the hall when I come back after a one day absence I love it when work is so gratifying. It's been an exciting week, but I'm shot! Nothing's more gratifying than seeing a pal smile at your hand-made card. :) Stevinson Ranch named Top Public Course in CA by Golf World: "It's especially gratifying to be voted the best c.. Stevinson Ranch named Top Public Course in CA by Golf World ...: "It's especially gratifying to be voted the be.. You're very welcome. The response so far (including you!) has been gratifying and humbling. Your Thurston Howell stylized beratings of Griswold are incredibly gratifying. To all of us. Meeting my own deadlines is the most gratifying feeling... Not that seeing an avowed Hamas becoming a bitch for freedom house isn't gratifying or anything, but were u really that cheap? It's gratifying when u meet someone who knows ur name, names a song u did, then asks 2 take a pic wit u shit is ... Community Policing? - Sounds Gratifying: The Ghana Police has stepped up its visibility and response to distres.. Community Policing? - Sounds Gratifying: The Ghana Police has stepped up its visibility and response to distres.. Nothing is more gratifying than when you offend someone just by being yourself. But in reverse its always gratifying to see your name appear next to a You're just freakin' amazing! I love your site - already learned a lot in a 1/2 hr! Gratifying to see such genius at 16 - U Go! I love it when I finish most of the things on my to-do list. It feels extremely gratifying. Also, I'm grateful for my lovely lady friends. I'm having a very gratifying moment right now. Getting carded & producing a is curiously gratifying somehow. It is gratifying to see the NEH Chairman Jim Leach giving the humanities a higher profile. How gratifying, to know you are making a difference for others We R Gr8ful for you! Very gratifying to hear that our study on International Development Agency private sector outreach was well-received. There's nothing more than simple kindness and nothing more gratifying than when your kids are kind. Thank you kindly, You made our day. We love what we do, and it is so very gratifying to know others enjoy it, too. Spoiler That was a really gratifying episode of I feel all girly and mucsy inside now... :D Spoiler That was a really gratifying episode of I feel all girly and muchy inside now... :D is the most frustrating/gratifying game I think I have ever played... almost done with chapter 9, can't wait to replay.
I wonder who the hell just rang the doorbell. I haven't heard that sound in forever. Usually ppl just walk in..... I wonder why they have their summer uniforms in the CD cover. They only used them in one episode... blankman on mtv2, yes....i wonder what a thanksgiving dinner is like at the wayans house...wayy 2 many funny people. Few hours after Rio got the 2016 olympics I wonder how much of the 14bil budget is left after Lula&Co took their "comission". 10, 20 bucks? Scientists wonder if there?s life in Mars rocks Wonder if Letterman got a staff infection. Full moon in Aries this Sat/Sun ... no wonder I'm feeling like this !!!! wonder if they wanna talk now(hmm let's let them sip a lil more then we spring it out)(gd pt) fuck that song is so good. lovin' that d'n'b flava; wonder if they used this sample [or vice versa]: well i had a full day: meeting a W hotel , atlantic station, and now lenox .... i wonder whats next??? this bitch is yellin for no fkn reason and yall wonder why i treat these custs like this Hey ESPN, this is the Nationwide race, NOT the Kyle Busch fanclub meeting!!!!!!!!--No wonder I fell asleep! So I've managed to clean the apt, make dinner, have a lil photo shoot(posting soon) and be ready on time... Wonder Woman eat your LoL as it stands now, the health plan is a gift 2 the insurance companies. baucus is seriously evil. i wonder how much $ he got from insurance i wonder what the phrase/word in the next game will be, if there is one. at least we can be sure it's not $0 I love the change... I was in love with Wonder Woman when I was a bit younger... hehehe wonder if our prayers help the angels at all? is SOOO sweet! no wonder her daughters are so adorable :) dad's planning to come here early in the morning to teach me how to drive, i wonder what he can gain when i can drive... When does Zombieland come Wonder if repubs in Chi appreciate the conserv hatchet job on the city over the Olympics ... No wonder my brother is getting a C- in English. I just read his Locker of my Life project. i wonder if words like twitter and bella and edward in the vampire diaries book since its mentioned in the show! I wonder 2 myself if the only person i really think about is myself. No, this can't be because i have some 1 wh ... I commented on a YouTube video -- i wonder what would happen if you installed halo 3: mythic (the one that... - Just because its the 1st of October and its Halloween soon :-)i wonder if has any plans for ... Great to not have the kids with us for the weekend - manages to sleep in until near 10. Wonder what adventures Sydney will offer up today. Good one! re:mayfield's new att'y i wonder where'd the $$$ come from to do this?....Meth sales r up this month I wonder if Zombieland is a good movie? I found a flaw in my new place- when i turn on the heat, the whole house smells like gas. I wonder if that's safe... i wonder if at mfl they will let me go on stage and give a speech for and as its there wedding lol hmmmm I wonder what Henry would say if he could talk. He gets pb&j everyday for lunch. I wonder if the good taxpayers of Minnesota would be so kind as to fund a stadium for me. Seems like an easy place to set up shop. Transferred and deleted over 900 pictures off my iPhone. Things seem a little zippier now. I wonder why? :) my iphone is constantly searching for service today, too. I wonder what gives? BHO blew the Olympics, wonder if we would had a better shoy if he minded the store at home. They couldn't resist stickin it to BHO maybe? is finished watching CSI: NY, I wonder if Danny will ever get movement in his legs again? Guess I'm finna get da shots den go over to Tip house.. Hmmm wonder what we doin tonight!!? When does Zombieland come Wonder if repubs in Chi appreciate the conserv hatchet job on the city over the Olympics ... As we enter the 4th hour of debate, I really wonder whether reps think they are changing each others' minds with their speeches. Hmm back to my side of the yard.. Visiting with Brooklyn was fun.. I wonder if is in the room?? TECHNOLIGY !!! CANT BEAT IT !!! MAKES U WONDER WHAT TECH WELL HAVE 20 YRS FROM NOW X So glad it's friday... making some dinner then going to watch a movie with the little one, I wonder which Disney movie it will be.... Zombieland i wonder is it a good movie or whhaa!! missin ...wonder where he got off to...hope he gets to before she does anything silly... This clubland documentary about Toronto clubs is killing me right now I wonder who I'm gonna spot "I wonder if he knows he's all I think about at night" I wonder who my velvet belonged to before it belonged to me. still no response from the college universities! wonder if they got my letters? hopefully they respond back soon
The aforementioned goodies: TurboCharger 3400, Beach Buoy waterproof mobile case, magnetic cable tidies,&airplane headphone adaptor Happiness Cards - Gratitude is the success turbocharger im in 97 now and the bus sounds like it has a turbocharger. LOL. Yep. Considered spare battery/charger route, but that'll most likely only work for one device. TurboCharger will work for all! :) Ordered myself the 3400 mAh TurboCharger and got a new battery on the way for 's blackberry too. :) I got my car back... Turbocharger spools up at 4000 RPMS and hits full boost by 6000... I've gone through 500 pairs of pants so far On the way to Ipoh on a TurboCharger SUV. Just love the speed and I favorited a YouTube video -- Spinning Turbocharger Keychain
.......where is my sandwich? MacBookPro! Dunno about or techy details, but it is SO speedy, and the screen is big and beautiful!!! LOVE IT! thought you'd feel that way... future belongs to guns and runaway somatic effects anyway. someone is stealing ur how many is the processor?
Brother PC-Connectable Label Maker with Auto Cutter (PT-2430PC) Brother PC-Connectable Label Maker with Auto Cutter (PT-2430PC) Brother PC-Connectable Label Maker with Auto Cutter (PT-2430PC) Brother PC-Connectable Label Maker with Auto Cutter (PT-2430PC) LightsPlus uploaded 'LightsplusTV Connectable LED Stringlight 230V' to... I uploaded a YouTube video -- LightsplusTV Connectable LED Stringlight 230V The internet not being a plug-in (or WiFi-connectable) utility managed by cities and distributed relatively cheaply. Was engrossed with the interview on Just Books, was very 'connectable' just like the buks, only more intelligent. Deal: Brother PC-Connectable Label Maker with Auto Cutter (PT-2430PC) (Office Product) , OpenEnergyMonitor (I believe it should be easily connectable with dailyping Brother PC-Connectable Label Maker with Auto Cutter (PT-2430PC) (Office Product) recently ta.. Brother PC-Connectable Label Maker with Auto Cutter (PT-2430PC) (Office Product) recently tagged "electronics":.. Open Question: After my router uTorrent my gave me a red dot that says not connectable. How do I fix..
Oct. 1st, the town decides to widen the road at Cloud & Rittenhouse...the month of October? watch out for cones. ThxQC just trying to widen your buying audience LMFAO. *eyes widen in shock* i laf uma reads this...oh well -eyes widen- isn't it a bit too much?? -grabs a glass and drinking it slowly- This is the only way to widen your profits.A step-by-step guide to launch or re-launch your ad campaign This is the only way to widen your profits.A step-by-step guide to launch or re-launch your ad campaign *eyes widen, steps back from her* Er. *looks at her dad nervously, knowing it'll I don't have a choice. Thanx that shall probably help me widen the scope of choice! Thxthx! Hav faved. Will go thru! *eyes widen* I....I....I have no idea Ed. Cotton Market Recap: Oct. -.58 at 59.26, Dec -.68 at 60.66, and March -.45 at 63.11. Note that Dec-March spread beginning to widen to -2.45. Who said it: "We've used the recession to widen our lead over our imitators"? Visit to find out. They had to widen the spread of the Games. Just bad timing for Chicago. It has done wonders for a poor of London They wanted to widen the reach of the Games. It has transformed a poor of London; jobs, housing, shops it baiscally says promoting something with close friends then just widen that circle to say work friends & just keep going this traffic is off the chain. come on atlanta....widen these damn roads! sync the lights! and pedestrians- keep your asses on the sidewalk *eyes widen, whispers* What?! *gasps quietly, zips my lips* *looks at her* Right. Are you okay? I know you're worried about ... *eyes widen* Oh. *eyes widen texting*..NO!..Jake doesn't know..crap...Uncle Garrett didn't mean it *flip ur bang out of your face* *hip thrust* *dramatic turn* *widen eyes to show eyes* = A typical Boys Like Girls music video. Left looks to widen TMC-Congress rift - Economic Times: lo.. *Eyes widen* You're in trouble now *Turns the hose on you* So, old lady's eyes widen...she calls her daughter "Doctor said "ahh youre a hot mama!" *Eyes widen and turns head* They were?!? That's...I don't what that would be...*gulps* Left looks to widen TMC-Congress rift fb is closed, useful to stay in touch with friends. twitter is much more open, helps widen ur knowledge and keep u current. Bloody typical that I get the text as soon as I tweet. Figured it was TLT. Thought I'd tweet just to widen the net a bit. Also. Yes, Linda. -gasps eyes widen realizing what i said- video of Dan Widen talking about brands, storytelling and ideas - Who said it: "We've used the recession to widen our lead over our imitators"? Visit to find out. tip o' the day: widen your eyeliner toward the corners of your eyes to make small eyes appear larger! tip o' the day: widen your eyeliner toward the corners of your eyes to make small eyes appear larger! IPO bonanza sees AZB catch up, Amarchand widen lead ye, like i no that if ther is a lot of light u make the aperature smaller, and for more light widen it, but depth of field CPAnet - Accounting Zone: IASB rejects U.S. plans to widen fair ... link: IASB rejects US plans to widen fair value scope-Forex Pros: IASB rejects US plans .. ^g Trying to widen the volunteer base. Get ready to get an email! =) Also, congrats to the Harris family, who was baptized Wednesday night! Surround yourself with amazing people and amazing minds.It will widen your vision! Dear ATX: Widen your highways! ... I also think I might slightly widen some of the glyphs, and make the overall SC height slightly above the LC x-height. IMF-Backed Programs widen policy options to counter crises | Vanguard IMF-Backed Programs widen policy options to counter crises | Vanguard Nowadays,organizations recruiting young talent from & to widen their employee base.Know IMF-Backed Programs widen policy options to counter crises /Vanguard/ - As the global economy continued to ... IMF-Backed Programs widen policy options to counter crises | Vanguard .. IMF-Backed Programs widen policy options to counter crises /Vanguard/ - As the global economy continued to ... FINANCE: Recent Cases Show SEC's Creative Use Of Existing Law To Widen Enforcement Reach "half of all babies born to affluent families can now expect to live to a 100" The class devide continues to widen people, revolt now!
Someone in this meeting just used the word "rubricize." Heh. Please complete "Rubricize was rejected as a name for a drug designed to......" "rubricize" and "linktribution" Anyone else...? We can make up our own dictionary! Word, of speech, definition. Someone in this meeting just used the word "rubricize."
I adore Leyla. Let's play guess which lame SF/NYC comics shops Leyla Aker is describing on SigIkki's blog! Leyla Aker's comic book shop adventure: (via ) come on folks! let's play guess which lame SF / NYC comics shops Leyla Aker is describing on blog! Hey man talk to your cuz andre aker Liked "Aker Philadelphia Provides Construction Update: * ********* ************* ****** *****An update of..." Aker Philadelphia Provides Construction Update: An update of construction progress for the vessels currently being built at Aker Philadelphia Shipyard was recently made available.Click.. Rising star from Aker Solutions. New hybrid riser system for deep waters and harsh environments: Australia:Aker Solutions to work for Gorgon MEG Project The Norway Post: Australian contract for Aker Solutions. Just got home from doing Triangle. I think i did good, except for the projecter being too low... MISS AKER!!! Aker Solutions Wins NOK300 Million Gorgon Project MEG Contract Sony kept it going with "blabla" talk, nearly fell asleep! Next up is acer, or "aker" as some norwegian says. Stop going all fanboy on me about Aker. You're going to make me dream about him again and I'll cry. Global Sourcing: Gorgon Project MEG contract awarded to Aker Solutions - (Pressem.. Aker sends his warmest regards Aker is talking to the empty chair next to him. Alana asks: "who you talking to?" Aker: "oh, your boyfriend" lmao Aker is talking to the empty chair next to him. Alana asks: "who you talking to?" Aker: "oh, your boyfriend" lmao Aker is talking to the empty chair next to him. Alana asks: "who you talking to?" Aker: "oh, your boyfriend" lmao aker ya di cney kak? Subang ktk area ney? Gorgon Project MEG contract awarded to Aker Solutions DJN: PRESS RELEASE: Gorgon Project MEG Contract Awarded To Aker Solutions - blogged - Mad Bad Barry to Join Aker at the Doggies. It's Mad Bad Madness! Back from a great event with Young Nutcrackers at Aker and Simen Lieungh :) Interesting stories on what to focus on as a young professional! Aker Philadelphia Shipyard Launches 8th Tanker: On Sunday, September 27th, Aker Philadelphia Shipyard (Oslo: AK.. Like Lions with Aker. Hey, how about Fev for Aker? lol aker solutions test Aker Solutions awarded FEED contract for upgrading of Gullfaks A drilling facilities DJN: PRESS RELEASE: Aker Solutions Awarded FEED Contract For Upgrading Of G... Fev would be a great asset for any club... perhaps the best trade since Aker went to the Doggies. Aker Philadelphia Shipyard Launches 8th Tanker: On Sunday, September 27th, Aker Philadelphia Shipyard (Oslo: AK.. Star News: Aker only change in Mount Pearl council : Dave Aker, a first-time candidate for council, i.. Aker Philadelphia Shipyard Launches Eighth Product Tanker: On Sunday, September 27th, Aker Philadelphia Shipyar.. Argh woke up from a dream featuring Aker. Nothing sexual, but still - have to wash my brain. ON MA WAY TO DA MOVIES WIT MA LIL BRO AND AKER... Marcelo is looking for on the Petroquimica Suape project, as the Roxtec system has been specified by Aker Solutions in India. President at Aker Solutions' Verdal yard wins "woman of the year award" The 100 Aker Woods kids are growing up: and they have a new temporary sister - I think the culture at the bulldogs can absorb Fev's off field stuff (aker?). There is no absorbing on field shit. Aker Philadelphia Shipyard Launches Eighth Product Tanker - (press release)
Thank heaven for Muscle Milk! chocolate, swimming thinly in water all for supplemented protein. Supplemented by podcasts from and New Los Gatos food service offers schools healthy alternatives: Lunches are supplemented with locally grown org.. Bf'd my baby 4 15 months & supplemented w/ formula. & I gave her death sentence according to the extremists. Oh & I'm racist.#nestlefamily supplemented with beading classes, maybe? Happiness is a choice, supplemented by the people you choose to surround you. Eat at least 5 times throughout the day. A breakfast, lunch and dinner, supplemented by two healthy snacks. not knocking it at all but I'm a BIG BELIEVER in investment pieces, supplemented by cheap moments! Get Your Supplemented Drink On Get Your Supplemented Drink On: Stacelita and the well-fancied Cavalryman have been supplemented for Sunday's Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Long.. the use of cyrogenic traps and high pressurd pumps has supplemented the impringer and sorbent tube sampling techniques. o_O QS Day 4: Review so far-was smoking around 15 per day now down to 5-6 supplemented by nicotine gum. At least it's progress And, I'm not anti-formula either: 2 of my 3 were supplemented w/ formula. via Along with the fact that Kraut's hypothesis was not I also feel that supplemented video is not necessary for th ... Along with the fact that Kraut's hypothesis was not I also feel that supplemented video is not necessary for the mentioned fields indeed. I might with sum chinese ones lol supplemented by some good ol bible verses of course That was funny. I've supplemented my multinational banking (with foreign customer service) with a local credit union. Love it. 'I recommend that the Statue of be supplemented by a Statue of Responsibility on the west coast. ' Viktor Frankl - Glad I got that resident-state, public education supplemented by scholarships! BREAKING NEWS: John has supplemented his Sainsbury's bags with a Waitrose bag. ugh, that stinks. I had M's problem too. Supplemented myself w/lots of books from public library Federal, Provincial, Regional, Municipal governments are supplemented with paragovernmental agencies for employment, consulting, welfare. Nineteen in Sunday's Arc Three still to be supplemented - Stacelita, Cavalryman and Sariska This mornings commute was supplemented by an episode of the wire S4e2. Reading PANEL FINDS NO EVIDENCE OF LINKS BETWEEN DRINKING MILK FROM COWS SUPPLEMENTED WITH RBST AND HUMA.. *All double features to be supplemented with episodes of Friday the 13th: The Series No link between rbST and human-health risks. Milk from rbST-supplemented cows gets a clean bill of health. Does cloud computing and access anywhere apps make us cyborgs? I know my memory is supplemented by many technological tools Myth: Supplemented Vitamin D in foods is adequate - Jared Skowron, N.D. if radical woc did a joint blog ala huffpo &/or supplemented w/ a podcast with free & paid content. I've been doing research Its been observed that cattle supplemented with DudhNahar seldom falls ill.Thus saving the periodical expense on medicines with good health. My baby needs to be supplemented with a bottle right now. Thank goodness I pumped so much before I left! I hope I can get back to normal! I've made a ton of tomato sauce & soup and have supplemented w/pasta sauce sometimes when I just need a little more in there I bet some OTH and GG supplemented with Dominick's Pizza will do the TRICK! If not just: social your studies! hey guys just sent an email to Global PR - Mary Ann regarding press and marketing being supplemented by Supplemented out now. Feet up, Peep Show on 4OD, then writing and chocolate. I've eaten my body wieght in mis-shapes from Cadburys already. As for nutrition, docs are continuing to move Alana from continuous overnight feeds to bigger 4x "bolus" feeds supplemented with overnight. The local in my finger wore off so I supplemented with pills and liquor. Feeling very Elsie from Chelsea. Working at home today. I supplemented my usual breakfast of cereal with toast and honey. An OKTOBERFEST of Theatre Offerings on the California Central Coast!: ... supplemented by generous grants from .. Just back from giving plasma at the Red Cross. My data shadow is now supplemented with a bio-shadow Every meal should be supplemented with Ikea's lingonberry sauce. Until the 1970s and '80s, local stations supplemented network programming with a good deal of their own produced shows. WEAR - supplemented by a system of reality for astronauts Your eyebrows are gone and a magic marker has been supplemented and your eyelashes hang down to your cheeks While working as a waitress, I had a table of three older ladies. When they finally left they supplemented the... Lack of mullets obviously supplemented by number of confused babies
What are some examples of cnidarians? In which environments can these animals be found?: Why do jellyfish have to be so complicated? And there are so many of them! Who knew??? Stupid Cnidarians. Cnidarians looking like aliens: Beautiful time lapse photography
BBC'S EMMA in Radio Times with an discussing cutbacks of "bonnet dramas" What? Middlemarch in What is this raw tapes business on VS. Where they like we've got to make cutbacks so we're not editing footage? 204 followers? How did that happen? Time to make some cutbacks. Pinkslip, let's rock this mutha. What happened to all the tweets..... budget cutbacks? Last tweet was September 14th. GIVE US MORE DEALS!! Fritter away the moments that make up a dull day, or go to the fair?...Deerfield is only 4 day this year (cutbacks ya know) [AP] Suppliers face winter flu vaccine delays, cutbacks: Waiting for the swine flu vaccine? Well, you might.. Suppliers Face Winter Flu Vaccine Delays, Cutbacks: Waiting for the swine flu vaccine? Well, you might have to .. Suppliers face winter flu vaccine delays, cutbacks: The Associated Press Waiting for the swine flu vaccine? Wel.. Suppliers Face Winter Flu Vaccine Delays, Cutbacks: Waiting for the swine flu vaccine? Well, you might have to .. Suppliers face winter flu vaccine delays, cutbacks: The Associated Press Waiting for the swine flu vaccine? Wel.. Suppliers face winter flu vaccine delays, cutbacks: The Associated Press Waiting for the swine flu vaccine? Wel.. is it due to the economy and cutbacks?? if so not fair!! we have cutbacks where i am and wow the work has been piled on (cont) Cutbacks @ BB? Does anybody else think it's a bit bunk that [they] keep making schools have cutbacks in the prime of our youth's learning and knowledge? cutbacks on not using for our because they now charge "per use". what next?? .... okay, i take it back. don't fire me yet If the Jays played well and attendance was steady, the cutbacks could have been avoided? Organic Bedding, Bath, etc. Recession? We're here to stay w/ cutbacks 4 now-but not for our customers! New blog post: Considering Cutbacks? - Conflict Gives You Choices! Why all the cutbacks in essential services, ! say cut back on free legal aid for people who are career criminals, how much would that save ? Devils Handmaidens? After the recent cutbacks in hell they laid them all off and closed the Detroit offices. Moving to Cali Ghostdini must be pissed with how little promo there is for this new project. I get that there's cutbacks, but cut-outs??? Ghostdini must be pissed with how little promo there is for this new project. I get that there's cutbacks, but cut-outs??? Demo in Dublin City tomorrow against community cutbacks. at 1pm from the Garden of Remembrance. I'm in work - will you march for me? "Plug in the electronic games simulator" - they used the same footage in the previous programme. BBC cutbacks? yeah, what's up with that? 9:30/10 am is no way to do business! But then again this recession is causing major cutbacks. Well, more cutbacks at work. Wonder when Im due to get the ax? It's okay, i have a plan. :) there was no gong? Damn, i knew cutbacks were bad, but that's ruff :cP 2mice? erm no, how come you are? DWP cutbacks? Yr pc running slow isnt it? yeah-were many more before all the cutbacks last year. I left 2yrs ago after having a baby. At least I had the choice, you know? Every automated call center I have spoken with in the last few days (moving) says "large volumes of calls" is that because of cutbacks? i'M GOING TO THE wOSK cONFERANCE cENTRE TO PROTEST LIBERAL cutbacks of 90 fxxking percent over the next two years to the has anyone heard of cutbacks to the ag program at MTSU? specifics? Almost 3am and the Sandman is playing Hide & Seek with me. Maybe it's something to do with the recession? Sleep-Sand cutbacks?? xx Just heard 2 rich ppl talking about their recession cutbacks...1 said yeah I cut back i let my Mercedes go I'm driving a BMW now....WTF? Ya know, I've been here for 2 weeks, and are catching chatter around the call center about cutbacks. Why did they hire me then? Is this bullshit? I know they were protesting UC cutbacks
My cig. Fell in the hamper ever won a $0 Nivea Sun Hamper valued at $83 on 11 Sep 06 from FHM. I hear you there dude. What went wrong for you? I wheeled a laundry hamper around Savannah for 14 blocks. Tipped over 30 times. I have a secret.... I pooped in aarons hamper.... keep that between me and you. Max turned the extra hamper into a Watch out for typos. They make you look stupid and hamper your communications. You get too emotional when tweeting. Calm down Home finally. I found an empty bottle of vodka in my hamper. Turns out its a alcoholic just like me. HEY FUCKTARD, THE BATHROOM IS NOT YOUR PERSONAL FUCKING HAMPER. PICK UP YOUR GOD DAMNED CLOTHES OFF THE MOTHERFUCKING FLOOR, CUNT. Daddykins to the rescue. Even though he threw everything in my hamper out of my room and into the hallway outside my room... It rains three days in a row. When can I wash my clothes? My hamper is saturated with a deluge of orz SwizzleOnSet lyrics: Shittin on deez niggas,plz pass me tha pampas,yur tha piss so i threw yo bitch ass n da hamper.~Boww~lyrical genius Well no. Because if she sees them in the hamper then she'll think I'm wearing them again. That's how it was brought up. don't let just anybody near your hamper, they just might air your laundry. Oh I thought of something. I could just put underwear in the hamper each day. She wouldn't know if I wore them or not. :D Lol because she noticed there was barely any underwear in the hamper. So she asked me and then the awkward I disagree. I find it MUCH easier to throw it on my floor, pick it up 2 days later, assume it's then throw it in a hamper. Sometimes crude humor makes her smile more than any hug so i pretended to pee in the hamper. She laughed so hard. Do you have a MasterChef palate? Come in and take our Taste Test - you could win a $100 hamper of gourmet goodies! Oldies 60t video/txt Computer flaws hamper Florida's new reading tests - Orlando Sentinel: .. fixed the dryer vent for my step daughter and this pantie nut found hers in her hamper...great masturbation session Make sure you enter our competition to win a Harry's Rocky Road Gift Hamper! Really excited, having my website redesigned and it's gonna look fab, also having branded hamper boxes made, so excited! x Oooh gratz on the hamper win! I saw the pic of it on various blogs, looks delish! Potty, Garbage Can or Laundry Hamper????: This potty could have multiple uses! You can use it as a hamper or a .. I was just thinking that Monday is the day for the draw for the lovely Cornish Hamper if you want to win it then direct message or my hamper punched me in the chin and i almost fell up the stairs. marvelous. Sleep hiding... Hamper, under the bed, behind the couch, under the pillows, in the closet? Betcha can't find me! That explains why I woke up last week in a hamper with a white rabbit & top hat then..... I'd hold your hand, but all that does for someone struggling uphill is hamper them. *hug* Anything I can do? Hornets Hamper Okla. Firefighters' Hornets Hamper Okla. Firefighters' Several stung. i heat exhaustion Getting ready for shabbat and Sukkot, but rain may hamper the celebration this weekend. Then off to Florida for next weekend. a hamper!? Congratulations!!! I won a competition for kerrymaid butter and got a really nice hamper :) Lost NHS notes 'hamper' inquests <note to self>Teach the boy to empty his pockets when he throws clothes in the hamper. <dad says this while extracting rocks from washer> my dh is the same way.. He'll even put the dish on TOP of the dishwasher instead of inside it same w/ clothes hamper Do u like think it's mint!?!? well why don't you try our NEW minty fresh gift hamper,for those who like it cool!!: you take that pic from your own laundry hamper? last Rebrand Britain Lost NHS notes 'hamper' inquests: A coroner says he is 'concerned' that missing .. To wit: "Study finds shame abt their body can hamper orgasm & keep from going to the doctor" (via BBC News: Lost NHS notes 'hamper' inquests Lost NHS notes 'hamper' inquests: A coroner says he is 'concerned' that missing medical records from a NHS hospital .. BBC: Lost NHS notes 'hamper' inquests "i fell in the hamper this weekend and my screams were muffled by underpants" Lost NHS notes 'hamper' inquests: A coroner says he is 'concerned' that missing medical records from a NHS hosp.. Lost NHS notes 'hamper' inquests: A coroner says he is 'concerned' missing records from a NHS hospital trust ha.. @ Create your own unique Christmas Gift Hamper" ( ) Reading: Create Christmas Hamper ( )
Absolutely right. You crazy GLOBALIST you! OBAMA is no more globalist than bush or clinton ,his job is to continue power grab and take it to the next level or next plan,get real Obama, it is clear, is another "blame America first"-er. America's first fully globalist president. Fasten seat belts. Lord have mercy. Waffling among globalist elites over secret negotiations (Kissinger1968) leading to Paris Peace Accords cost how many US lives? State Committee Meeting: TOMORROW, 3 Oct 2009, 10am-4pm, Longhorn BBQ, Spokane Valley (Argonne). Hear globalist PATRICK WOOD! That's Mursurlian, of Globalist Films, who said his video can be found on You Tube. "I'd rather be dead than become a slave to the Globalist agenda." on Cafe Globalist - Thanks Ariana. Globalist: Germany Unbound: A unified Germany is coming into focus, and it's not the land we knew. Germany is t.. Globalist: Germany Unbound - New York Times Globalist: Germany Unbound Though I enjoy listening to the Economist's audio edition, their ubiquitous & vociferous pro-globalist agenda annoys me to no end. Thanks Cafe Globalist for atttending FFP and covering one of our designers! Editorial: Globalist: Germany Unbound As in the days of Noah: Obama Names Another Globalist with Tax ...: Obama Names Another Globalist with Tax Prob.. $'s destiny hasn't been w/ Congress 4 a long time; it's w/ Fed Reserve & globalist central banks. Re: Modern Warfare 2: patriots as of Globalist army!- The entire damned industry is NWO dictatorship p... globalist newts on faux noose when will they quit promoting new world order & wake up? not covering police state PA GLOBALIST obama is militarizing Hardin ,Mt. with mercenary "American police force "foreign troops included stopping citizens local news Sorry, but the Obama "Joker" picture isn't an attack on black people. It's an attack on yet another globalist asshole. So you're a globalist? I'm not a globalist. I put my country first. Let them out their own issues. Globalist Hillary Clinton Calling Now For Sanctions Against Iran: It was in the m.. This is what happens when you have a globalist President instead of a President of the United States. This is what happens when you have a globalist President instead of a President of the United States. Globalist Traitor David Rockefeller: No Tariffs On Chinese Tire Today the diplomats are concerned, but last week it was cotillion time to trot out their globalist complacency. socialpsych.org news Marcel Biato - The Globalist: The GlobalistMarcel Biat.. Globalist US Secretary Clinton Beating The Drums Again For ...: by Betsy Ross September 28, 2009 It was.. Globalist Hillary Clinton Calling Now For Sanctions Against Iran: It was in the mainstream new.. - Are the madmen bankster globalist keeping the quadrillion derivative debt to take over the world? - Bill Clinton: 'Vast right-wing conspiracy' as 'virulent' as ever. (via <- aww... poor little globalist swine..... Globalist - The U.S.-Iranian Triangle - Op-Ed - Who woke you up to the left right/paradign & the globalist agenda? I became suspicious when Bush 41 talking about the NWO but... I have a list! strukturalis. dependensia. developmentalis. globalist. marxist. aww... strukturalis. dependensia. developmentalis. globalist. marxist. aww... Globalist Think Tank Trots Out Iran... Editorial: Globalist: The U.S.-Iranian Triangle IDEA! Intl Flag Burning Day, in front of the UN- people's disgust 4 the sell-out of countries o the globalist itnl Illuminati "Banksters" it's unrealistic any state econ leave from World econ under globalist econ.Theory didn't mention how states actually beat bourgeoisies. G-20 to Curb Banker Pay, Coordinate More as Global Crisis Ebbs (More globalist chicanery) - G-20 to Curb Banker Pay, Coordinate More as Global Crisis Ebbs (More globalist chicanery) - [FreeRepublic] G-20 to Curb Banker Pay, Coordinate More as Global Crisis Ebbs (More globalist chi.. sorry 4 the half-baked reply but for now let me just say that the GOP is a "Globalist more than ever before Globalist, but not imperialist. Wars in Iraq and Afghan. only empower our enemies while costing us a and many soldiers Ironically, the best way to cut down on violence in your town is to get the globalist peaceniks to leave: I am a globalist corporation protester myself. I think they have hand in and with gov helped to destroy this nation
It seems that Facebook thinks it's funny to discreetly change my language preferences from US English to UK English. Gay porn DVDs shipped discreetly in a plain envelope. VOD titles can be viewed instantly online! Gay porn netflix Trying for the first time? XXX Bondage Gear discreetly Blindfolds, Hoods, Leather, Handcuffs mrning twitlets! finally ystday managed to ask boss discreetly whether i can work 10-2pm & yes! here i am! abit late juz now but happy still And yet, that doesn't stop me from drooling all over his 20-year-old naked chest and washboard abs. Discreetly, of course. I can be subtle. Looking for an Adult Netflix? Rent XXX DVDs discreetly and cheaply. You deserve a sexual treat! It is a factory/warehouse...i brush my teeth discreetly, exercise discreetly, read Hemingway on my breaks, get along with most, show up hi Beer Belly: Wearable Accessory For The Discreetly Alcoholic Beer Belly: Wearable Accessory For The Discreetly Alcoholic Beer Belly: Wearable Accessory For The Discreetly Alcoholic Gay porn DVDs shipped discreetly in a plain envelope. VOD titles can be viewed instantly online! Gay porn netflix Buy Bondage Gear discreetly by mail Blindfolds & Hoods, Slave Collars, Cuffs, Restraints, Sex Swings, Whips Beer Belly: Wearable Accessory For The Discreetly Alcoholic First, I'd take the tank cover off and stop the water. Then I'd discreetly tell someone at wherever this happened. I'm sitting in Borders and the classy well-dressed teen girl in the next seat just leaned to one side and let one go. Discreetly, of course. is it possible NOT to look like a stalker or sicko when trying to discreetly take a pix of someone? MAC's studio SPF 35 concealer is awesome! Discreetly opaque. Hides blemishes, hyper-pigmentation etc. well. well you can't see it but I am discreetly chair dancing...a Friday ritual :) Buy Bondage Gear discreetly by mail Blindfolds & Hoods, Slave Collars, Cuffs, Restraints, Sex Swings, Whips lol? if you're gonna talk behind my back, do it way more discreetly, dude. and seriously, is it that hard to come and talk to me about it?? Perhaps doing it discreetly (inconspicuously) rather than discretely (in separate would help ;) Such efficient waiters after so discreetly topping up the wine, and so often... :o Gay porn DVDs shipped discreetly in a plain envelope. VOD titles can be viewed instantly online! Gay porn netflix This dress will blatantly need to be discreetly unzipped as soon as i eat so much as a morsel of food! But its pretty! My phone is being dumb and won't connect to the network. However am I going to check twitter discreetly while at work?! Midget School: Hot sexy Dwarves learn female ejaculation. Midget porn DVDs mailed discreetly to you. Shop discreetly with your sweetie or make it a surprise! Contact me to book your If "someone" sees my hubby today, "someone" could discreetly mention that a date night is in order. "Someone" it's all up to you! Troubled boy hints at straightening out; caring librarian helps discreetly; boy becomes a distinguished state judge ask We've all been trying to tell him discreetly. All of The Sex Toys that you know you want, shipped discreetly to your home at low, low prices. Gay porn DVDs shipped discreetly in a plain envelope. VOD titles can be viewed instantly online! Gay porn netflix HAHA, as in trends in general. Like she doesn't want to admit that she follows trends when she discreetly does. Gay porn DVDs shipped discreetly in a plain envelope. VOD titles can be viewed instantly online! Gay porn netflix Trying for the first time? XXX Bondage Gear discreetly Blindfolds, Hoods, Leather, Handcuffs Can discreetly place amongst B's special place, if you want? Lovely Rita meter maid may I inquire discreetly, when are you free to take some tea with me...etc. Looking for an Adult Netflix? Rent XXX DVDs discreetly and cheaply. You deserve a sexual treat! i discreetly trying not to offense. Gay porn DVDs shipped discreetly in a plain envelope. VOD titles can be viewed instantly online! Gay porn netflix Buy Bondage Gear discreetly by mail Blindfolds & Hoods, Slave Collars, Cuffs, Restraints, Sex Swings, Whips Our phenomenal system will discreetly harness the of thousands of other marketers. Go to ---> Get All of The Sex Toys that you know you want, shipped discreetly to your home at low, low prices. are u sure? Ladies, they do it discreetly. Men just stare without blinking LOL! Buy Bondage Gear discreetly by mail Blindfolds & Hoods, Slave Collars, Cuffs, Restraints, Sex Swings, Whips Gay porn DVDs shipped discreetly in a plain envelope. VOD titles can be viewed instantly online! Gay porn netflix Rage builds up in me whenever I see an Obama bumper sticker. I feel better after discreetly flipping my finger and calling the person an ass Shop discreetly with your sweetie or make it surprise. Contact me to book a Do you have Herpes? Find Acyclovir Rx Medication Online Overnight! Buy Acyclovir DISCREETLY! Cure the Pain!
I'm watching a vid on trig functions and Echo walks in then pops a bottle of champagne. I find that very educational :) yay for echo dude! I so wish I could be there Sunday! I'll be in New Mexico for a week... Rock the house and pray pops through hahaha doin the friday nite ritual...getting drunk wit my pops Ben Folds rocked Symphony Hall tonight with the Boston Pops!! Viva la Ben Folds! somethings up wen pops ask me what im doin home so eaerly Whatsa matter you didn't like my last tweet about pops??? lmao U ain't even respond to dat shit... My Pops not doing too good. Make sure you tell the people you love you appreciate them! Showing my pops Twitter. CSI- LV online| Mems & Pops movie nite| painting toe nails| canary yellow cushion cut cocktail ring| full moon| cranberry drink mix| (^_^) Hahaha jk love you mother have a good night out on the town, and bring me home a rich pops [ofcourse baby (: ] Went to dinner w/pops n time!!! Haha. Watching project runway with pops...and he LOVES it! Fed steak to my football player and diva and pops. Oh yeah, even the puppy got a bite. [conti.] Hahaha jk love you mother have a good night out on the town, and bring me home a rich pops Just doing the ironing & pops up on Fox talking health care for illegals bitch pops with the kids. on the way back to the east.... always gotta get the QT w/ pops.... cuz they cool like that *pops plastic collar" - with the pops. amazing!! - Pops got a new picture of my cousin Wow! Chicago is 'shocked' about losing Olympics bid? How was Chicago even approved as an option to Rio? That idea wreaks of Pops/NaCl. verdict: Ben Folds Boston Pops = Great Time At The Symphony niggas going to my pops bar to get nice meet us there( IIGHT MY NIGGA Looking through my parent's old photo albums make me jealous -- Pops, why didn't you leave me any of your clothes?! Ergll. I should never have let go my Mom's apron strings. This being a grownup is all EXCELLENT! 'til a pesky responsibility pops up. REBUILDING MY LYF3&thinkN bout my FUTURE&65going to the movies with my baby and her pops having fun MY FUCKIN STOMACH ... ... WOMPS pops my simp collar At Bar Pintxo SaMo for night 2 with mom & pops. mom says small eel = anguila. That's it! Flava flav flav can't read or write pass a 7th grade level smh lol but I heard that's ya baby pops & he got u that iphone wats good homie! I was at the pre season games in t.o. When pops was wit da Raptors!! Can he still hoop? pops my simp collar My Pops Said He Can Tell Something Wrong Wen i Turned down Popeyes Chicken Awhhh laying around with pops, about to play some bones (dominos) avocado cocoa = frozen pudding pops? I wouldn't have believed it either but my amazing wife made a mean pudding pop with them Flava flav flav can't read or write pass a 7th grade level smh lol but I heard that's ya baby pops & he got u that iphone late night snack...:)and watever pops up wtf is ur pops ok??? Why do I hear this in Iggy Pops's voice? If more than one pops out from this RB, I'm considering them 'surplus' so I'm not asking for payment. Just good homes. ready for this one? How about I come sit on your lap and we talk about the first thing that pops up? BAHAHAHAHA "When you're high you think about something real hard and then that brain cell pops and you never think about it again...ever" LOL read my mind...fool saw something on his pops laptop and had a attack. Drinkin pitchers and watchin the Rockies and Dodgers with my Pops. He's a die hard dodgers fan and were the loudest table in the entire ... Sunlight takes 8 min and 20 sec to reach don't even pay attention to my tweets, they're pretty much just w/e pops in2 my mind haveu ever had government cheese,stankin government cheese....couldn't take a dump for 2 weeks((pops voice))) my friend is hanging out wth the pops Score! 2 tootsie roll pops in my purse! when i try to be mad at someone & their smile pops in my head. [ happened like 50 times one day ] Great freakin' show with the Beantown Pops tonight!! Thanks! You are the best! Can't wait to do it again! Viva la Ben Folds!! Slowly but surely counting down the days till STL! Anyone in the STL area know and good hotels close to pops or in the downtown? :)
Wright and Cooper have done it again. SGU was awesome! nice touch guesting RDA, MS and AT. Jimi Thing has Mickey Raphael (harmonica) guesting he has a guesting on ELive, and may one on one interview with him for The Buzz. || Waaaahhh! The Buzz!! he has a guesting on ELive, and may one on one interview with him for The Buzz. guesting DOES lend a legitimacy he doesn't deserve- just MHO. Mott the Hoople on good form tonight at Hammersmith. Andy Mackay spotted guesting on sax. They played Sweet Jane, those 96 decibel freaks OMG! James Franco is guesting on General Hospital! original Spencer family is back! It's going to be awesome year out of 2009! How come the for Jay Z's album doesn't have Jay Z on it at all??more like guess who's guesting on Jay Z's album this time.love it tho Just seen led zep's john paul jones guesting with county star sara watkins playing guitar, he's wasted on bass! Neil John Paul jones guesting with Sara watkins at Austin ventures. Wow. Sweet! Esp.A: Kim Bum guesting tomorrow: Wowowee 12nn, E-Live 3pm.. Sunday: ASAP'09 12nn.. Bum's no guesting on GMA-7.. thank you.. Looking forward to guesting with you on 24th Oct at Toyz & Gamez! should be a good 'un! Our very own is guesting on Buzz Out Loud. Live now! tonight at the HiHo Lounge, playing with Ross and Chris of mojo/caddywhompus guesting on guitar! sunhotel coozies to share! where is it going to be? the jones brothers event where the girls are guesting? I hope you will wake up to your most beautiful tommorow for you Wowowee guesting and be the sunshine of our eyes. What planet are we on where James Franco is guesting on General Hospital? Oh, we're on Planet Franco. Gruesome story from Mike McIntyre-guesting today with CharlesAdler at via what a sweet week, the hosts of my favorite podcast as guesting on my second favorite podcast are you guesting on his pcast or is he coming to yours? will miss guesting the model congress tomorrow... sick now, what to wear to my wowowee guesting tomorrow??.. guesting on site: Bangernomics 2 by James Life without credit! i will youtube when i get chance. By the way, when will you be guesting on MTW, youre fab on panels. says kim bum will be guesting at LiVE !wanting to go there too . :( can we, your fans here in Philippines, know your schedules of guesting and whatsoever? Excited about guesting w/@timschmoyer on LIVE YM Talk today! Focus: "Serving as a woman in youth ministry." Join us! FRONT ROW @ BLACK EYED PEAS, ASHTON SHUFFLE SPECIAL GUESTING Tonights the night. Guesting with Arizona at The County, Chestefield 9.30 ... Andy Bull guesting with Little Red tonight at UNSW tonight. Andy and his band put on a great show. Andy Bull guesting with Little Red tonight at UNSW. What is up with James Franco Guesting on General Hospital? omg kristin chenoweth is guesting on Glee. i've died and gone to heaven. says W3 Live! Tune in to "The U Know Show" on 92.3 later around 12:30PM. Kenneth and I will be guesting as rep... Congratulations to bunnyfreak who guessed that i will be guesting at ACOT. Come check my new store sir can you post a link on that guesting? what show you'll be guesting?? :) so C.K. is gonna be guesting on P&R for a while. Good job! yeah good show! definitely a fun time! Yo Dave we had a great time guesting on Zero Hour Last Night! Elton John guesting on an Alice In Chains album? Who'dathunkit? Yo Dave we had a great time guesting on Zero Hour Last Night! is fucking rad. Not sure. I FF'd through the commercials while kristin chenoweth was guesting on glee. Amahz! Oh I see the guy from Without a trace was on CSI and now Grissom is guesting on Without a trace, now that is clever :) I forgot to post this on Chamber... but DJ Noise is guesting since DJ Fenris is in London. is having a gander at a Scot infested HIGNFY with Kirsty Young hosting and Frankie Boyle guesting. (BBC 1, 16.05.2008) genius again! more broadway stars special guesting PLEASE!!! Um, what's the deal with James Franco guesting on General Hospital? James Franco guesting on General Hospital? Now we have something in common! Oh, you don't remember me as nurse Haha!
- I wore this to MF cremation filming was not allowed in Casino with face make-up.:) . - I wore this to MF cremation filming was not allowed in Casino with face make-up.:) had 2 go straight 2 room. Question: (1) Burial? (2) Cremation (& spread ashes where)? (3) Head frozen by a cryogenic lab (a la Ted Williams)? All I need is 1.5k for my cremation and like 50 for a giant shaker where they will put me. she wants to get me 15k :( Cremation Process - Info Barrel I'd really like to blow up. Cremation is gross, and burial is a waste of space. Too bad i'm not muslim. Oh shit, do we have 2 offer cremation services too? Yeah...not into THAT - U guys have at it. I'll make them PRETTY A storage geek after cremation A geek after cremation. moli teacher wife of bhaskaran mash passed away. busy with them on friday and will have to assist them on saturday. cremation today. 1 typical gas fired cremation consumes 1319 kWh - 1 typical week 29 cremations = 38251 kWh - 1 typical year (50 weeks) = 1912550 kWh Why I prefer cremation: Wow that's hardcore cremation. cremation rate definitely rising This is just freaky. It's cremation for me, all the way. Ted Williams' frozen head abused in lab - Vancouver Island dog has died and is lying in state until weekend cremation: Vancouver Island dog has died and is lying in state until weekend cremation: I'm tempted to choose embalming over cremation, if only because I might finally get my eyeliner done right. Saw an ad in the paper for cremation, only $990. I guess that's a good price. Never really thought about it before. Sick company name: Kansas city cremation society "Since I've to go to the cremation ground at 10 o-clock and I may not return , please grant me half day casual leave" Classical music: Cremation or reincarnation? Anyone out there know if I can get cremation jewelry here in town? I'd rather not order it online. went to the funeral directors the other day to fill in a Cremation form. Saw one dead chap who literally died with a smile on his face. Funerals Vs. Cremation: Choosing Tradition over Convenience Funerals Vs. Cremation: Choosing Tradition over Convenience: Cremation vs. Funeral: Funerals vs. Cremation: Remebering Your Loved One: New Funerals vs. Cremation: Remebering Your Loved One Funerals vs. Cremation: Remebering Your Loved One: Funerals Vs. Cremation: Choosing Tradition over Convenience: Cremation vs. Funeral: New blog post: Cremation Video Remembrances Fulfilling A For Permanent Cremation Memorials Need midnight chat on: FIOS vs. UVerse, the God blackholes, cremation, afterlife, and Scarlett vs. Baroness. my life in a nutshell. uh... i just got a letter for a "free pre-paid cremation". what are they trying to say? what do they know!? Human Cremation: Ode To Geeksian Urn Is there any place in town where I can find cremation jewelry? no funcionation!!inss cremation. enrolation on filation in 30 Cremation....thinking outside the box. Commercial for cremation: "... and the Cremation Society treated my dad w/dignity and respect." Yep, keep telling yourself that Buck-o Om - Cremation Ghat II has been cowbelled! That makes two of us. I think the origins are unrecorded. Primary mode of disposal was always cremation funeral pyre or alone in the woods, but since neither is viable /accepted- cremation. Just wrote letter authorizing vet care, limiting it to exam & bloodwork, meds & fluids, and asking private cremation the worst happens. :(
lying on the couch with angina :(
Clinton on Meet the Press reboils the Vast Right Wing Conspiracy soup and reminds me of the of Dorian Gray.
completely agree on the cross of BSG and voyager. i dont want it to be like BSG at all. - yeah, i had the Voyager & it was crappy. a girl at vzw told me i would love the touch. but idk. lol I think it's too early to make that call. Right now it's looking like a cross between Voyager and BSG (not in a good way). The STARGATE UNIVERSE trailer reminded me of Voyager, Battlestar Galactica, and Starship Troopers. Hmm ... I dunno. Seems like Quantum Leap and ST:Voyager had a baby. The "Star Gate: Voyager" analogy is an apt one! meh... some people are saying a Battlestar Galactica feel, but I'm thinking ST Voyager. Not sure if I like it or not. Stargate-U seems go be a mix of Stargate, Battlestar Galactica & Star Trek Voyager. Sg-1 =next generation Atlantis =deep space 9 stargate universe = voyager I said that in my review. minds! Stargate Universe ... Feels like Voyager meets BSG. Have seen select episodes over the years - Voyager and Next Generation were my mum's faves. Nanaimo>For Sale>Cars-Trucks>1996 PLYMOUTH VOYAGER MINI VAN $1900- Ambivalent about SG:U. It OUT ok, but it's looking more like a soap opera version of Star Trek Voyager-with less likable characters. OK, Stargate Universe has won my curiousity. Feels like Voyager meets BSG, with that serious gritty feel. Hope it does well. Great, an entire show based on another Daniel Jackson screw-up. Not real impressed with - the Voyager Vibe is strong in this one I'd just think of it as "Star Gate: Voyager". Stargate Universe is pretty different. It's Stargate crossed with Lost and Star Trek: Voyager have you seen Star Trek Voyager? Very similar Premise to SGU. OK, seriously. If they had to reconnect Atlantis after one season so it wasn't SG: Voyager, WTF is Stargate Universe? What's changed?? I have a Voyager! Stargate Voyager--I mean, Universe? 95% boredom. Stargate Universe = Star Trek Voyager in the SG universe. well, stargate voyager 90210 was uhhhhh watchable, I think Atlantis had the best pilot of any of the stargate shows so basically Stargate Universe is Stargate meets Star Trek Voyager LOL thanks---Janeway is my favorite---CC would rock VOYAGER....how about a fantasy sequence in Venice??? you mean Stargate: Voyager Stargate U is a bad ver of ST: Voyager, which was the worst of the franchise. All I could think watching it was I SO DO NOT CARE! Stargate Voyager, I mean Universe series premiere tonight! The hype chronicles continues! - This has happened before, and will happen again. "Lost in Space", "Star Trek: Voyager"... Transferring pics from my old phone so I can get my new voyager set up, bitches ! Liking universe but worried it'll be like "voyager" & I'll get bored long b4 they get very far. I can't wait to see the new movie, but no time lately. I'm slowly collecting the DVD series of Voyager & DS9 Donschwaben...or however the hell you spell it @ Dry Ridge Rd & Voyager Way *whispers* I am surprised he is not over on Voyager tonight on a hot date with tonight? the original series, but we like TNG, DS9, Voyager, the new movie... Watching the premiere of stargate universe. So far, not looking too good. Kind of shaping up to be like ST Voyager So. I am watching Battlestargate Voyager/Universe...hmmmmm Stargate universe - trying to hit 500 followers--Crystal Janeway takes Voyager helm! /No wait THIS is my fav! It's voyager without the star trek :D is watching now :D - trying to hit 500 followers-- Crystal Janeway takes the Voyager helm!!!//Mari is the bomb - trying to hit 500 followers-- Crystal Janeway takes the Voyager helm!!! Stargate Universe reminds me of the Star Trek Voyager storyline. SAVE $36.97 - OEM NEW LG VERIZON VX10000 VOYAGER Extended Battery VX10000 Voyager $13.02 Stargate: Universe. Okay so far. Or should I say Stargate: Voyager... Tired of standing in line to book your flight? Avail of the Z2 VOYAGER PASS! No waiting. No queuing. No kidding. Visit I was watching Voyager... and I swear Janeway said "Commander Chipotle, you have the bridge." Z2 VOYAGER PASS! A booklet with 11 oneway flight coupons sold for travel to Z2 destinations.No waiting.No queuing.No kidding. Call 855-3333! - Voyager BSG and now adding a bit of "The Black Hole" considering voyager never left this galaxy....umm yeah lol
...now i remember what drove me to the Greens back in the late 80s: neo-liberal trash running the Democratic Pty Blog: : 46 Liberal Dems Tell Speaker: Medicare Plus 5% or We Vote No When Glenn Beck tells the truth another Progressive/Liberal angel loses it's wings and falls to it's Reading bignews: Letterman - Liberal's Palin Basher Gets Bashed It's not like I chose to be liberal. I just always liked to read. Bill Maher, uber liberal he may be, deserves respect for slamming Hollywood over the Polanski petition. So as you drive by & are stuck at the stop sign - turn your head and look at the sailor suit (liberal use of the word) in the window. Dandy! because they are an evil drug using liberal swine WHO MUST DIE IN ZIZ NEW WELT no You Might Be A Liberal If......You Think That Raising Taxes And Bigger Govt Help Stimulate The Economy I think any pres would bid 4 their country. Btw I see you're a liberal. We're on the same side? This is our diff of opinion as i TRY 2 listen 2 some liberal talk shows im wondering IF the lib callers are loaded on some kind of mind altering drugs .. their crazy :( Why Is David Letterman's Love Life Anyone's Business? - TalkLeft ...: Liberal coverage of crime-related.. 46 Liberal Dems Tell Speaker: Medicare Plus 5% or We Vote No REPUBLICANS HAPPY THE USA LOST THE OLYMPICS WATCH THE VIDEO 46 Liberal Dems Tell Speaker: Medicare Plus 5% or We Vote No the problem is the wrong people are out of work. Here's hoping that the liberal democrats in washington are soon out of work Exposing Liberal Lies: Govt. Ethics and Corruption Top List As ...: Aren't a corporate boondoggle of & capitalism? This is a victory 4 the proletariat! I LOVE it when the "Truth" no matter political just seems to twist a Liberal to the point of anger! It's not like I chose to be liberal. I just always liked to read. canadapolitics Internal feud hammers Liberal 46 Liberal Dems Tell Speaker: Medicare Plus 5% or We Vote No LOL he totally did, saw it earlier... think Juan is trying to hard to stay liberal It's not like I chose to be liberal. I just always liked to read. via Sponsers Leaving Glenn Beck Because of Liberal Requests: Am I the only liberal that cant stand Janeane Garofalo? Her whole act is just unbearable When we subsidize & failure, like we inevitably get more of BOTH! I've stated Polanski should be brought to justice. That's the end of it as far as I'm concerned... as a liberal. Cant wait to let loose on Lisa - and his Princess are the future of the Liberal we now have to do all we can to help. REPUBLICANS HAPPY THE USA LOST THE OLYMPICS WATCH THE VIDEO I no~ to think public calls msm "liberal" .@JohnTalleos I've stated Polanski should be brought to justice. That's the end of it as far as I'm concerned... as a liberal. 4 Chicago, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) know BS when they see BS. Driving through Missouri now, nonstop to Liberal, Kansas by mornin. ... Right-wing liberal: DGA head to Creigh Deeds: Drop Dead: Montana Governor Brian Schweitzer, who is head of the .. 46 Liberal Dems Tell Speaker: Medicare Plus 5% or We Vote No *Couldn't happen to a nicer bunch* Aren't Olympics a corporate boondoggle of and capitalism? This is a victory 4 the proletariat! The Travis Monitor: Liberal Usual Suspects Get Behind Crappy Baucus Bill: The leftie blog FireDogLake is not th.. Far left would probably call me a conservative and far right would think I'm a liberal. I try to qualify with EXTREME, [The right-wing liberal] DGA head to Creigh Deeds: Drop Dead Twitter is in a conspiracy with liberal socialists in the Obama administration to keep Twitter for them only! 46 Liberal Dems Tell Speaker: Medicare Plus 5% or We Vote No I love it when non followers have keywords and they don't know me. Hook and sinker has caught one liberal in the bag. LOL Funniest thing heard all da lol challenge to MSNBC "liberal" shows: go a week w/out running Meeting of the opposites must mean me and my liberal mommy. And understanding must mean that she sees things my way?? >^..^<
what happened What happened to RC best about at was when the guy in the audience seizured out or something. no joke. yes, it happened again. why are you at the hospital?? wat happened?? Some og ya dumb why wuld yall tweet kandi and ask her! It just happened show some compasion Meh, what happened to my lazy mornings of doing nothing? It's the weekend for crying out loud! T_T *goes to prepare for tuition at 9* what happened with your phone? Call me on someone elses phone, my internet on my cell isn't working I woke up with tears in my eyes. what we talked about HAPPENED in my dream! yeahhh...i bet i got a nightmare but it couldn't happened :) what happened? im broken and dont understand why this happened to jeremy..then i feel quilty that he is constantly in my thoughts ... Low cross across the front of the goal for Chicago and it thankfully rolls past and out...shouldn't have happened, defense! Nothing happened lol It is freezing outside! What happened to the sun? :( what happened AJ? What happened to him? Wat happened to all da real men n Jackson have dey all turn gay or died or moved away shit any met a real nig here yet!!!smh You know, I don't know what happened with Smackdown not being 3 hours tonight. Ahaha. Reid and Morgan stuck in an elevator. xD One of the best CM moments ever! Almost happened to us in Vegas actually... Damn Son. What Happened wtf i didnt turn on u. im 6 hrs away and wana kno what happened :( - what the hell happened to her foot?! ok what happened now? I'll always be able to focus on your face. What do you mean what happened? yep, it happened, can you guess? ... Yeah? What happened there? ""What happened?"" is bothering mtbiker you pray for our country & its leaders? Pray for failure? What happened to "Country First"? What happened to u today, sir? Wow...WTF happened to my Redbirds? WTF HAPPENED TO MF'S FIGHTIN' W/ THEIR FIST? man bored. still cant believe what happened 2 Xman. hope when u come out of da hospital everythings ganna b good. k ... THE KYER SISTERS IN "WHAT HAPPENED TO JOHN PINK?" subtitle "which Kyer killed John?"...hehe Serial killer sisters.. Rip to my nigga AJ. kandi atl house wife nigga. Damn pray for yall fam :-( what happened? happened to me too! What happened?!?! We were NEVER meant 2 be, we just happened... =/ Folks in Atlanta saying there are mad police at Body Tap so something happened... I AM SO HAPPY! so much with selena has happened that i missed... :( I bought her cds of course I bought 4! XD is apparently going last in the critiques. That's never happened before. I'm up next. alright. what the FUCK happened to 4chan. i thought it was just /b/, but it's all fucking down. What happened with letterman?!??!?!? sounds like no fun...no coolers, no backpacks, no alcohol..whatever happened to rock music? give credit where credit is due, and it happened to be due to Yours truly! Ow!! lmao. anywho... what happened on the bus?? don't use it! I can guarantee that you'll get error 1600! Happened 2 me, made me restore. I'm @ the iPod syncing @ home what the hell happened to your gf mister?? &&where the heck is my sushi date?! lol
*follows behinds her* *makes face at the smelliness of the place* please give me back to I miss his smelliness D: Tea: the cure to all smelliness You know, I've never really been a witness to the smelliness of the asparagus pee, I think it's time to give it a try BUT I DO. Also enjoy ur smelliness and shit weather. >:( COME TO AKICON. Apparently German men are the "world's worst lovers" due to smelliness; Americans come in 5th worst, as too rough. bad sex joke here. it is strangely warm in my room...I can blame that on my smelliness and not general lazieness A Pirate's smelliness & street sword skills can defeat a ninja, smelly is perhaps a ninja-like special effect 4 pirates. smelliness doesn't equal cool! The plane im on is about the size of Air Force 1, yet im not sittin next to Obama but rather the Ambassador of Smelliness. Woof. back to college. Hitler's back 'aving a rant. i blame him for the smelliness in the College this afternoon. yes. Your holy smelliness needs 2 ease up on it's live tv.. smelliness will occasionally leak! Like when u take a powerful diet pill!
I just popped in for a sec. Gotta go to bed to rest for an agility trial tomorrow! New blog post: Kyjen Dog-Agility Kit Dog agility is ideal Focused ability can become intuited agility. O" Third agility trial this weekend! Wish us luck! Agility is Hiring: Afghanistan JV- Operat... (USA) Bought a elixir of agility in Elven Blood Agility is Hiring: Warehouse Manager-Egypt (USA) sending in trial premium and going to Agility Demo tomorrow morning. Hopefully I can get another tunnel/AF/teeter before the new year. Agility is Hiring: Warehouse Operation Manager (USA) That was pretty good agility from Lundqvist Truth About Quickness - Speed And Agility Training Headed to Franklin, TN for doggie agility! Listening to Linda Ronstadt! What year is it??? Agility is Hiring: EUCOM- Business Development and Opera... (USA) Agility is Hiring: LOGCAP Food Service DFAC Manager - Af... (USA) Agility is Hiring: Logistics Manager (USA) Agility is Hiring: Afghanistan JV - Manager (USA) Agility is Hiring: LOGCAP Supervisor - Af... (USA) Agility is Hiring: APS 5 - Program Manage... (USA) Agility is Hiring: LOGCAP MHE Manager - Kuwait (USA) Agility is Hiring: Senior Proposal Manager (USA) Agility is Hiring: LOGCAP - Regional Mana... (USA) getting our agility stuff together for tomorrow and thinking a bath would be nice. Though rabble rousing would be even better Agility is Hiring: Ocean Freight Manager (USA) Agility is Hiring: LC 4- AFG- Fuels Site Manager (USA) Agility is Hiring: Manager - Business Process & Quality (USA) Agility is Hiring: Key Accounts Manager (USA) Agility is Hiring: Internal Audit Manager with Logistics... (USA) Agility is Hiring: Project Logistics Manager - Freight /... (USA) Physics demos is the new dog agility Agility is Hiring: Logistics Operation Manager (USA) Agility is Hiring: Manager Key Accounts (USA) Agility is Hiring: Assistant Manager Inventory (USA) Agility is Hiring: Air Freight Manager (USA) got 2nd place in fire cadets physical agility test! thank you God! just got back from rally training and agility training going to bed now we are all so tired...have a good night everyone Agility is Hiring: Business Development Manager-Iraq (USA) Agility is Hiring: Operations Manager - FFD (USA) Agility is Hiring: LOGCAP Regional Warehouse Manager Afg... (USA) Agility is Hiring: Client Service Center Analyst (Santa Ana, CA) Agility is Hiring: Senior Manager Compensation (USA) Agility is Hiring: Senior Manager Compensation (USA) Agility is Hiring: Trade Lane Manager (USA) I feel like I'm going to have a attack waiting for these eBay auctions to come to a head. Id take xanax but then Id lose agility. lmao Agility is Hiring: Sr. Manager, Management Information a... (USA) Agility is Hiring: Assistant Manager Client Services (USA) Agility is Hiring: Assistant Manager Warehouse Operations (USA) Agility is Hiring: Customer Service Executive (USA) Agility is Hiring: Country Manager (USA) Agility is Hiring: Business Development Manager (USA)
The writing is probably on the wall for Wake, but I won't eulogize him until things are official. for my going away everyone should wear all black and vails and eulogize my dream.If could jump in the casket I'd die! So thankful that my hair grows back quickly. I find no reason to mourn or eulogize my late sideburns. Though they were once extraordinary. abs ths 2 terms : non state actors n masterminds tend 2 eulogize d militants shd be dun away wth Just like to eulogize. For these assholes who take peoples lives...................I fucking hate you. I would want anyone other than my mother to eulogize me, because she would say, "My Tina was a good girl. She must have Before we eulogize the dollar Scratches for race 5 of Louisiana Downs: 12 Saucy Miss, 13 Lorenzo's Love, 14 Eulogize Fashion, 5 Walking Boots, 6 Allie Cat Blues. Let us not eulogize evil in any way, esp. on auspicious Dusherra. The present gen. is already way too much confused and wayward. New InfowarsKC Post: Before We Eulogize the Dollar
UNL Rec Center's elliptical machines used to energy: It's hard to tell the difference, but the elliptic.. Semi-Magic Squares and Elliptic Curves. (arXiv:0910.0049v1 [math.NT]) Problem: classify all isogeny classes of the NIST standard elliptic curves. (Hi, Tony!) Intorduction to Elliptic Curve Cryptography 2638^4405 4405^2638: The largest known Leyland prime, with 15071 digits; in July 2004, it set a record for elliptic curve primality proving New post on elliptic curve cryptography up at Doink's Domain - Detailed analysis of Elliptic Curve in modern browsers health & fitness Vision Fitness X6200 Folding Elliptical: Vision Fitness X6200 Folding Elliptic.. Elliptic SeaCell Army Trunk From C-IN2, The C-IN2 Elliptic SeaCell Army Trunk, from the C-IN2 Elliptic Collection, is .. It's rainy today. So time to do some laundry and elliptic while i watch dvd's. 802.1AR.... entropy... RNGs... elliptic curve crypto... yummy... hopefully enjoys it too Fuck - note - we at eLLIPTIC HATE Canada Post! [giga] Elliptic Differential Equations and Quasiconformal Mappings in the Plane (PMS-48) (Princet.. complete elliptic integral of the first kind Not even 10 minutes into Transformers 2, I lost track of # of explosions, need an advil, and know i'd have a seizure if I was an elliptic. Haha, told you cryptography was cool. :D. Elliptic curves will blow your mind though It's rainy today. So time to do some laundry and elliptic while i watch dvd's.
Creativity is a byproduct of plagiarisms. TOO MUCH plagiarisms going on .. is the world going out of tunes? no waay. At what point does "original thought" stop and regurgitation and plagiarisms of other's "intellectual begin?
MICROBIOLOGIST MANUFACTURING ENGINEER- If you were a microbiologist and it was Staph reductions it'd probably be a good thing (but not for the Staphylococcus) Microbiologist - Aerotek Scientific - Tarrytown, New York: ...Cell Experience is desirable) EX.. Note: While I am a food microbiologist and my name is Karen I am not the USDA's "Ask Karen", but it is OK to ask me microbiology questions. Hour with Dr. Sheryl Ronald, molecular microbiologist, postponed from Oct. 3rd to Oct. 10th 2:00 p.m. Stanford microbiologist on the global to understand how the human microbiome affects human health and disease: Quality Assurance Technician - Microbiologist: NJ-Piscataway, Every day, Kelly Scientific Resources (KSR) conne.. Quality Assurance Technician - Microbiologist: NJ-Piscataway, Every day, Kelly Scientific Resources (KSR) conne.. Quality Assurance Technician - Microbiologist: NJ-Piscataway, Every day, Kelly Scientific Resources (KSR) conne.. Bahaha! Never talk to a microbiologist about swimming pool water! which is why I typically don't get one. As microbiologist u'd think I wouldn't fall for the okeedoke;-) Yahoo! HotJobs: MICROBIOLOGIST-The Albrecht Hiring: Microbiologist/Environmental Monitor (Redmond, WA) Whole family is now throwing up. The pathogenic microbiologist in me is crying out for answers. Fair play. As a microbiologist, I made my informed choices too. All about being informed by correct information though. i need a microbiologist to design a bug that eats dust, fluff and skin flakes then poops out gold dust. I'll let u keep the patent. Microbiologist/environmental Monitor - Aerotek Scientific - Redmond, Washington: ...investigat.. Microbiologist/environmental Monitor - Aerotek Scientific - Redmond Now hiring: Microbiologist - dinaliC LLC - Skillman, NJ is looking to hire a Microbiologist 2-5 years in Westchester County, NY. Please email ap.. is looking to hire a Microbiologist 2-5 years in Westchester County, NY. Please email ASAP. I am a food microbiologist, I know I'm not supposed to eat it raw and the many reasons why, hasn't stopped me from indulging. Microbiologist II (Holly Springs, NC)- Endotoxin Testing, Water Collection, Env. Monitoring, Bioburden. Resume 2 Microbiologist: MO-St. Louis, Kelly Scientific Resources, a premier global scientific staffing firm, is current.. Microbiologist: MO-St. Louis, Kelly Scientific Resources, a premier global scientific staffing firm, is current.. Microbiologist: MO-St. Louis, Kelly Scientific Resources, a premier global scientific staffing firm, is current.. Microbiologist - Scientist - Fungal / Molds Experience Needed!: NJ-Skillman, Microbiologists! If you have 3 ye.. Microbiologist - Scientist - Fungal / Molds Experience Needed!: NJ-Skillman, Microbiologists! If you have 3 ye.. Microbiologist - Scientist - Fungal / Molds Experience Needed!: NJ-Skillman, Microbiologists! If you have 3 ye.. Engineering: Microbiologist - New York, New York - New York United St... as a qualified microbiologist he was never going to win with his argument as to why I should have the flu shot Microbiologist don't recommend consuming 09 Easter Bunnies The high sugar content makes it susceptible to yeasts & mold! Yuck EIU Alumni-TDM & Associates is looking a Microbiologist w/ 2-3 yrs of lab experience Job is on Linkedin EIU Alumni-TDM & Associates is looking a Microbiologist w/ 2-3 yrs of lab experience Job is on Linkedin Eastern Illinois University Alumni For an interesting view on causes of ill-health, & the use of vaccines - see Young Ph.D. a US Microbiologist - Business: Microbiologist - Oregon - United States... "im a microbiologist", "microbiologist?! a pretty one at that" - legend line from harman. the jaao na girl is so sexy. Beware of whirlpool baths. A microbiologist told me that whirlpool water contains 19,565 more bacteria than tap water [SteveEvergreen] An effective gloving or not: When I was in medical school, a microbiologist po.. An interview with microbiologist Diana on bacteria that live where nothing else can. Would be nice to see Yoplait promote the other health benefits of probiotics outside of a happy gut. Got microbiologist? ;) Perhaps only a microbiologist would make such a comment! (still a little jittery on the subject of guts and smells ... sorry) To writers everywhere: Microbiologist Dr Peter Wilson says a keyboard is "a reflection of what is in your nose and in your gut". Lovely! Engineer/Microbiologist: A chemical company seeks applicants for the following role: Engineer/Microbiolo..
Heading back to Marylebone - the quaintest and most un-assuming of London terminals the quaintest verizon office ever! ... speaking of Napa Valley, we just LOVE Yountville -- the quaintest, most walkable town on St. Mawes in Cornwall.. one of the quaintest little coastal towns I've ever been to.. I loved it! In the quaintest little cafe with free wifi :) that'd be one of the quaintest cafe reviews I've read. harsh, descriptive and by the passing glance I gave them, I'd say accurate!
Celebrating BOLIVARS VICTORY!!!!
looks good! I'm hesitant on the GH1 after trolling the internet and reading volumes of info. 7d looking nice for a similiar price I was sitting in my room and heard a little boy outside sneeze. I said bless you and five seconds later, I heard a very hesitant...."God??." This makes me very hesitant to imagine what you have been eating. I was a bit hesitant on but reading more and seeing it in action, looks completely usable! But what about or I'm hesitant. On the one hand, I know there's a lot of free content out there. On the other hand, I don't wanna brick my phone. Re: A MUST read/National Strategic Plan for PH1N1 Oubreak: Local officials will be hesitant to imp also, i still like the trade... I'm just really hesitant to go with it for obvious reasons. Is hesitant to watch series 3 of Skins. New cast :( I was hesitant to tweet that cause I thought you'd and would get mad, but clearly you've already seen it... Hmm... my mom is all hesitant about it :// After such a strong at "The Big House", MICHIGAN might be a little hesitant about heading to Stadium. Ever wonder why people are so hesitant to smile these days...even before the financial crisis! So over people. do you have any music you're hesitant to admit you LOVE? I'm a little hesitant but you have to take some chances right? To eat or not to eat CHIPS .. , I heard a very hesitant...."God??." MLIA Yummy! I was hesitant about clicking the other pic of you in school...CC and pic in the same post is not cute :D Omg everyone I need your help! Is $45 too much for a wallet??? It's cute & perfect & everything but I'm always so hesitant to buy things :P When I was younger, some friend's parents were hesitant that they hung out w/ me cuz they thought I "could" be a gangster.. THUG LIFE! I agree with you. I was hesitant about Twitter at first, but I've encountered some amazingly talented people here. One thing I've learned about contests: if site registration is required, people are very hesitant to continue. Example: and that's another reason I'm hesitant to get it... Hitting the store after work. Today,I was sitting in my room and heard a little boy outside sneeze.I said bless you,& 5 seconds later,I heard a very hesitant.."God?" MLIA Don't hesitant to contact us for more information about going Green for your environmental needs. 800-DILIGENT lmao too..ill give u my password so u can delete mines too! - U know I'm real hesitant on that mushyshit! Ugh lol IMMA STRIKE YO ASS DOWN LIKE I WAS HEAVEN SENT TAKEN YOU OUT WITH NO HESITANT- BY ME DAMMIT THATS MY LINE I'm 3rd control, um, "hesitant", but I've Telerik throwing around the term in a promising way. I was sitting in my room and heard a little boy outside sneeze. I said bless you, and five seconds later, I heard a very hesitant...."God??. yeah i think my aunt is a little hesitant case she doesnt know u lol but you can hang out with us there for sure We're quick to claim God's promises but hesitant to grapple with his mysteries. The unknown scares us. I want to but a bit hesitant. I think I will wait a few days and see what everybody says. Glad to see it coming to fruition tho! It's great. I was hesitant but it's actually really cool :) Avenue Q is HILARIOUS! I was hesitant when I heard about it, didn't think it was my kind of thing, but we laughed our asses off! hesitant about spending another amount of money for a 2nd attempt. will run into the clinic for an industrial flush.. thanks tho! Great for companies hesitant to engage in social media Top Five Misconceptions About Social Media Those girl feet look hesitant and shy. Get on that. Chad, I want to pick the Bengals for my suicide pool this week, but I am hesitant. Can you deliver?? Slightly hesitant to crack open my MacBook Pro to install a bigger hard drive before installing Snow Leopard PG&E Corp. (PCG) Discussed on Fox Business's Countdown to the Closing Bell: They've been hesitant to come out a.. I was hesitant to follow her but I kept seeing her posts She's active in all subject matters - geek, pop, advocacy. really..is it really the best lobster roll in ny?? so hesitant about seafood here. --other variation, I can understand... VERY few exceptions will be mad. I'm also VERY hesitant to follow "mz such & such" stoked ur still going on tour, it'll b better as a solo-i was hesitant 2 buy tix b4 cuz i don't 2 MA please!!! I'm hesitant to wave away network computing caveats. But I'd gladly take extra complexity locally to get a single model for local remote. followin the people that people have requested for following... why is everybody so hesitant to follow people on twitter?? Where r u from? I'm sure I'll love Rio... that's why I'm so hesitant to go!!!!! i think we should all actually go ANON tonight. no one ever does anymore.but then again IP logging will be on so maybe folks'll be hesitant Due to my beverage moratorium on everyone else I am now hesitant to express my need for a potty break. "... and in other news, trinket makers are hesitant of beginning production on 'Chicago 2020' pins after seeing the movie, '2012'..."
Tell your online dating horror stories, anecdotes and fiascoes at blog!!! You were quite composed last night for having rushed to the theater after dealing with flight fiascoes! Printer received!!! Thank you! I appreciate it :) no more 2ppm fiascoes anymore chillin out in my (BOSS) room blazin big tunes that never fail to remind me of our summer fiascoes. i miss my homies!
Off to Albany to visit some fam. Be back Sunday. Don't forget to check out Brontosaur, Thick Shakes, The Soft Pack and the Subjects tomorrow Show Crush: The Soft Pack, The Subjects, Brontosaur, and Thick Shakes 10/3 ME Up: Show Crush: The Soft Pack, The Subjects, Brontosaur, and Thick Shakes 10/3 ME Up: Soft Pack, Subjects and Brontosaur is sure to be an awesome show! Wish I wasn't going to be out of town. Show Crush: The Soft Pack, The Subjects, Brontosaur, and Thick Shakes 10/3 ME Up: I first heard of The Soft Pac.. Manuel Flintstone? Bring me a Brontosaur Burger from Harburg, will ya?
When will I finally learn to let go of things from the past? From this day on, I've decided to really give it a try- note to self When we find that past mistakes are weighing us down, it is time to quit carrying them with us! It's too sad to remember the past. no one person on this can change their past but every single person on this can today and change their future UM RIGHT?! i've been googling for the past like 10 minutes and I CAN'T FIND THEM FOR SALE ANYWHERE. Is FaceBook where your past comes back to haunt you? Okay..maybe not haunt you. Wait. The past is a foreign country; they do things differently there. ;-). Txt it if u think u can make it past 4am Omg so embarassing!your past follows you everywhere! Make sure not to do no stupid shit,ppl will bring it up at the most inappropriate times Its ok to revisit your past just dont bring alot of luggage back with you yeah i agree. i know next weeks will be amazing though. and the past episodes have had moments of funny. watching ghosts of girlfriends past with sam :) Black tar: The herbal treatment of the past ugh... i'm so sick. all i've been doing for ike the past week is sleep and produce snot >:P sad... I wonder whether some really have 800 $0 tweets. that's a scary thought. I might have just wasted the past 24 hours. Oh yeah Crap from the past is on! 90.3 FM in the Twin Cities. Dang just drove past LA orange bus on fire! Gonna miss the city Are there any other apocalyptic signs for years past 2012? I hope so, because when it passes, what will we then have to fear? Fear itself? I thought we were past that bum thing!!! :D just declared it was past my bedtime I just can't get past the gimmicks. REAL talented people don't need gimmicktry. Um...Whitney Houston 1985. Yall don't bout that! iTunes, why are your movie recommendations for and me 17 Again, 28 Weeks Later, What a Girl Wants & Blast from the Past? say man this past monday when u said grapevine mall is huge, man next time check out the galleria you will get lost easily! Maine the man as Mets power past Astros: Maine the man as Mets power past Astros: Maine the man as Mets power past Astros: Maine the man as Mets top Astros Seems like its getting cooler outside.Good cause the past summer was hot! ... so I know I said movie night was about to begin... but we've just been talking for the past 2.5 hours... grad school is awesome :) serius mirip.nih aku replay trus di bandingin sm klip yg brg the groove.u must b twin in past life.hehee..ayo bikin duet! Yes. It's been down in the 40's the past 2 nights. I love fall but we went from High 80's to 60's within a day! My feet from standing for the past 3 hours. to become unpleasant. Happy zach! Thanks. I'm setting one up right now. I've used bluehost in the past but I was never the one paying for it. :) she walk past you and act she dont know/didnt see you, smh . i feel horrible for not knowing most of the answers in the app, will my past activity in the forum help me get into the new one?? ESP- Pass of past: The screen pass, a successful staple for the Green Bay Packers under coaches Mike Holmgren and Mike Eeeepppp what's ur favorite thing to do in ur past time?!?!? Random questions I'm asking till u reply!!!! I'm glad. I've had people forget about me in the past, but it's just that....the past. greatness takes time..no rush Hi Darren! How are you doing? I've been tweeting sporadically the past week. So no, you haven't been missing my tweets. :) Maine the man as Mets power past Astros On Dr. Dodge- look at Nova for the video of a past show on the discovery of brain plasticity. Bushed. The past weekend did horrible things for my eating and sleeping routines and it's about time I set them straight. I have such a big girl! My 3 1/2 year old daughter made it through both Toy Story movies that went an hour and 1/s past bed time! for past 1 minute i wonder when the bus will arrived so i tweet again $0 I hope I am able to keep up the regular Gym routine now that I have a new work shift, much more manageable then the past one. i get that. apology accepted. still love you. i just wished you had said something on the way home...thats all. its in the past Its 11:43 and I'm still Awake! OH NO its soo past my bed time; good night twitches! New post: Mirror Past I've been putting random things in my copier for the past hour. It's great. Maybe i'll mail them to people.
Brian DePalma and Stephen King's 'Carrie'... a cautionary tale of religious zealotry and bad parenting skills. Good times. How for tht none of my FAV people on non computerizationally implicated zealotry) HATH no interest4TWITTER orFACEBOOK: i b lost. Many in our have lost their common sense, get offended when you tell them to tone down the religious zealotry. Attn: GOP Christians who spout religious zealotry- Learn from Krauthammer-a strong conservative who sticks 2 issues, is respected 4 it Can't unfollow you. Jesus has asked me to monitor Christian zealotry on Twitter. Dawkins' followers tend towards zealotry; He is quite literally preaching to the Persia's Green Twelvers are more western though abiding by their religion void of zealotry they endured 4 30 yrs just as China was under Mao To Christians with whom I've chatted: Thank U for the discussions. If you guys tone down the zealotry, GOP may not be screwed after all. lol I was disgusted. We come to a normal school and get shrouded by zealotry. Disgusts me. I think a lot of people our age (in their 20's and 30's) are conservative leaning, but are turned off by GOP religious zealotry. too often having ethics/principles is confused with zealotry (via (Amen)^(infinity) too often having ethics/principles is confused with zealotry (cc - Isn't Xen an opensource alt for and Sometimes zealotry is more effective than $ OCCI are a great models, but the battle won't be won based on Zealotry, rather $. (via <- MS thought that way too. <- 1 OCCI are a great models, but the battle won't be won based on Zealotry. It will be based on dollars. (via <- MS thought that way too. open vs closed isn't about zealotry but not understanding the of second source in a service economy open vs closed isn't about zealotry but naivety and not understanding the of second source in a service economy. Not that I ilke the books all that much, but I dislike censorship, ignorance, zealotry, and overbearing religiosity even more :P My frustration with zealotry summed up perfectly by the - I think the prerequisite for homeschooling your kids is extreme political conservatism & some religious zealotry. agreed; the whole idea of evangelism is a poor one (taken to mean 'crusading zealotry' ) in near-any context Just righteously defended Twitter to a bunch fo people who i don't even know on Facebook. Wondering where this burst of zealotry came from. The SFBG is entirely self-serving with a zealotry for silly radicals that they try to pass off
Pig walks then falls then says "all right nobody move untill i get my cork back in" mr. Pato head stops and looks knife and a fork, bottle and a cork, that's the way to spell new york. Information society. knife and a fork, bottle and a cork that the way to spell new york. Information society. New York Cork NYCR Video: Pinot Gris at Anthony Road Wine ...: I'm behind the camera, not in front .. Sharing my 30 year old raspberrygingermead.Note cork lined cap.prettygood (via I have never paid someone to pull my cork before but apparently at this hotel it is commonplace...he he he I just bought Foil Print Dress, Stacked Bangles, Gold Strap Cork Heels on Stardoll. Check out my Suite! thanks for the retweet. Any chance you're on cork'd too? I refuse to buy another bottle of this *ish.. I'm gonna try and mush the cork back in the bottle Senior Occupational Therapist(Cork, Ireland) - Cork Get Occupational Therapy Jobs Sharing my 30 year old raspberrygingermead.Note cork lined cap.prettygood Sharing my 30 year old raspberrygingermead.Note cork lined cap.prettygood. 30 yo mead wow Sharing my 30 year old raspberrygingermead.Note cork lined cap.prettygood New Blog post Quirky Corks Wine Stopper Put a Cork in it ... Bob's Keg and Cork. Chimay draft, great regulars... Yakima's finest! New Blog post Buy Napa Essentials L'Objet et le Vin Popper Stopper Wine Bottle cork remover and vacuum sealer including the Napa Essenti ... ^^^ A Mr. Prawo Jazdi was wanted from Cork to Cavan for racking up so many driving tickets. Prawo Jazdi is Polish for 'Drivers License.' A Mr. Prawo Jazdi was wanted from Cork to Cavan for racking up so many driving tickets. Prawo Jazdi is Polish for 'Drivers License.' QPR Which Came First, the Cork or the Corkscrew?: Am I the only person who contemplates all so.. Tonight at killed it at the Bottle & Cork Getting ready for at the Rusty Rudder at 1145!!! - Planeside from NY at the Bottle & Cork. [#]liveat the [#]dbmc (@hendge) - Planeside from NY at the Bottle & Cork. the > free passes in london cardiff manchester liverpool dublin belfast cork birmingham edimburgh glasgow sex Impressive! Sharing my 30 year old raspberrygingermead.Note cork lined cap.prettygood > vivid in london cardiff manchester liverpool dublin belfast cork birmingham edimburgh glasgow sex Sharing my 30 year old raspberrygingermead.Note cork lined cap.prettygood has set up camp. Got the can opener, cork screw, and toilet paper. Thanks guys! :) At cork and cleaver By the way, actual, whole carved cork I got the other day so much nicer than the compressed cork grips. Let's talk about my bike some more. Well another clarinet sold to a lucky youngster. Selmer signet with cork and synthetic pads! A real player has popped the cork on a bottle of Cabernet... here comes trouble ;) Lol u already knooow it...I put the cork on pork! *looks around for a bottle of white wine, pops the cork and hands it to ok then, I keeps the red all to myself! CHEERS! SENIOR OCCUPATIONAL THERAPIST (CORK) - CORK Get Occupational Therapy Jobs Watching Roman Traffic rock at the Bottle & Cork in Dewey Beach > playboy in london cardiff manchester liverpool dublin belfast cork birmingham edimburgh glasgow sex 29 yard Jackson touchdown pass to Randall Cork. HCS 41, Tech 6. New York Cork Bird Management at Harvest Time: Finally, the most bad-ass way that I have seen of contro.. > livejasmin in london cardiff manchester liverpool dublin belfast cork birmingham edimburgh glasgow sex Popped the cork on some Chilean Sauvignon Blanc, sweats head-to-toe and dinner in the oven (well, a of it). Ah... if I had broken into the server room stash, I would have pushed cork in style. Luckily at home - and on twitter client WON - Luna's Butterbeer-cork necklace I want a glass of wine, I have Nate asleep on my lap & I haven't taught Der or Hails how to get a cork out yet! What have I been waititng 4?
UP is not under CHED daw so "No Classes Until Friday" might not apply to us. Pls Chancellor Arcadio! Pls!!!!! :( Chancellor Arcadio (and all UP Chancellors at that), please make your announcement now so I'll know if I'll make this paper. :( Using my 800th tweet to say as I said to Chancellor Metternich at the Congress of Strasbourg: "Pooh to you with knobs on!" :P That's really sad... how can people not know who the chancellor is? :( Chancellor Angela Merkels conservatives appear to have won .. :-( Merkel wins German election: Angela Merkel, Germanys incumbent chancellor, has.. :-(
Nassau and Amelia Island residential sales are up as a result of and foreclosure. Forecasts even grimmer with un Son of a blintz. They didn't have any good gym for a good price. But I did get 2 pairs of jeans at $12 off each. Score. I spent $10 to find out I can't ice skate. I also learned you shouldn't ice skate in Officially just sweated my ass off, out of sweatpants and into Only man in my life is one hell of a cuddler, body warmer, but snores Iight once this internet pick up ima go live... had to change my outfit cuz I know ya want me to dance in but yet I'm cold lmao lol I meant the do miley cyrus's get any friken geeze. ... Lovely night in bed. Singing, laughing, cake shows, digital wedding dresses, friends, smiles :) My legs itch cause I shaved them in case we went out tomorrow, cause I wanna wear now I'm not so sure. haha I think it's time I unpacked my luggage I brought to Prague cuz i finally ran out of to wear in front of me wit the grey and white top might be the baddest chick in here. Let me look around first....yeah she is The long day ends in & a bowl of salad & fistful of triscuts, 1 eye on emails & other on an old b/w film. Praz 2 jesus! gotta love wisconsin.raining,probably in the low 40's & people are still wearing & a or & a hoodie. i <3 milwaukee! Wow the first Friday really sucked tonight... Shoulds gone to zombieland dear miley cyrus, yes you're pretty but arent those a bit too for disney? :) Determined to dress like its summer even as rain falls outside - I'll fool the weather, sneak up on it with jandals, and tees! So its 45 out eight now just saw a man wearing & a leather jacket riding a Harley? Hmmmm Aww man breezy I've been drinking why did u put them in my head.?! ..shoot me now !!!! .@SnkrHolic wonder if i can wear guh my church..BILL my girl BILL!!!!!!..lol my are too tight! nigga probably twittin in those gladiator he had on Been listening to too much good music/weird roommates; now I crave to animate around them!! Anyone know good animation programs? <3 So this weather has niggaz confused. Me: Brwn Leather jacket Whiteman: & tshir Chinese girl: Scarf n skully. The fuck lol i look so bro right now xD tall black socks, & a big hoodie, im ashamed ... lolol.. i had on some really with brown leggings .. I remember the looks i got cause ppl thought it was my skin! Heehee Sam and I wore the exact same red b&j's tee to work and the exact same haha I feel that lol. Seeing them in the mall with some soccer and a tee or sweatpants, its a problem lol Hello 49 degree weather and rain. I have chosen to greet you in and a tee I wouldn't have it any other way. Haha Cristy Just walked in with her sponge bob pjs love em!!! haha and skylers wereing a tank top and som wow overall with boots?? lls JUST DROPPED FATHEAD OSO OFF AT THA 'O' WAS FITTN 2 HAV A FEW BUT I HAV BASKETBALL NO BRA/SOCKS BUT ... I wish it was a bit colder here...I want to drink hot chocolate and wear plaid, but instead am still in and T what is up with niggas & basketball they are though. -ok ok ok..i hav on a 'starcamp' muscle w boy w 'sammie baby' on the bak! P0W. i <3 the suspenders, but i think the need to be a bit darker don't ya think?? Now glitter full of man junk spinning Next gym jam. Bball and a tank top. <---that's what you said about this one , liiies ! does anyone have laker that are yellow on the side so i can dress up as kobe for halloween ... Q. What do u think of Nick's ass A. Seriously, he has the most incredible ass. There's this one picture where he's wearing white WOW a Vicki secret pink boy and socks that go to my knees hair tied watching tv I took them stewie pants off Yamaha Motivs/violins make me wanna wet my especially electric violins w/ pedals. late tv failed latter 2 sunny day, walked up steep main street! god thats tiring, i wore little and now my legs are browwwnn. very nice :D can wait to see you in pink :P lol Does anyone notice the homeless and hookers steal everything they want from 7-11 and get away with it. I am gonna get me some booty she hops on the bus wearing basketball a wifebeater and chinese slippers I'm just out, so mostly music videos, corporate, stuff my friends do. Trying to do more film/TV. you gonna wear your nephews lol twevor in. and out. spandex love, and
Forgot my moncile for the micro text of Plateau's pitch - shootout @ Good use of UI in Plateau's pitch - shootout @ NYT's T mag sez Montreal's Plateau's influence on Canada "entirely out of w its size"
Underplayed and underappreciated: Radiohead's Hunting Bears. Few months ago, wasn't IOC upset w/USOC for creating Olympic network? Seems that was underplayed in all of this. Lord of Extinction is like criminally underplayed. It is hard to beat. Defiler of Souls I like but haven't envisioned the deck. Great Lakes Swimmers' self-titled is severely underplayed in my life Getting ready to call it a day. Loving Kings of Leon's 'Sex on Fire'. So underplayed. Cooler weather may b here, we can only hope. Good day. I'm worried about lukes interest in Lando myself, Lucas underplayed it, but there was serious racial identity issues for Luke Replace Shaw's cool, polite, wonderfully underplayed performance with an eye-rolling, shouty, sweary Travolta. Terrible. Just beat Wii's Muramasa: Demon Blade (Momohime's story)... the gameplay was excellent but the story felt a bit underplayed...what happened? Can't wait to hear this really underplayed/new programme. Don't know Elgar Falstaff Tune of the week so far: It's You, Only You (mein schmerz), Lene Lovich: underrated and underplayed gem from 1982 (#68 UK)! As usual the media has underplayed this & chose to focus only on the striking Govt doctors as proof that BJP-govt-is-bad. The fact that the acting is underplayed just makes the mawkish sentimentality stand out that much more. Prokofiev is one of my favorite composers. The ballets are top notch. Cinderella is underplayed. And yes, the piano rock - Listening to an underplayed album that sits on my shelf as a decoration more than something to listen to. - Listening to a good CD which is far underplayed. It sits more as a decoration than an album. It does have a v ... Some of your songs have been "overplayed" (not for my taste!! ...but ya know) but I think YOU in general are way underplayed. Was Southeast shooting underplayed in the news?: Last Friday, someone fired several shots at the former Southea.. Good album that didn't manage 'the list', and 's list praise reminded that I had underplayed: Jim O'Rourke's Insignificance. you guys should play jefferson aeroplane. sick song thats underplayed. in like a lion, apathetic way to be, beaming I could never figure out why they ignored group chat , and underplayed XMPP. Now I think we know. Dress You Up is one of the best Madonna songs EVER. So underplayed. Southern hospitality by ludacris is extremely underplayed in my life
Life annuities may not be actuarially fair. Read examples in this column: `@nxarmada Actuarially, insurance agents merely argue that the ODDS are that you will one day die. Get it? _Actuarially_ Geez, I slay me. LOL "Actuarially Speaking", oh Life annuities may not be actuarially fair. Read examples in this column: Life annuities may not be actuarially fair. Read examples in this column:
GOP: Religion is like blubber. Stay lean & mean by avoiding lipids & stick 2 vegetables like low taxes,small gov. & fiscal resp'bility yes sir, my is in fact located in my left elbow, and it is very awkward. i have to take whale blubber pills to keep it be ... "thats why alycia's always so cold, she doesn't have any blubber" hahahaha Nothing like waking up and realizing that moving about this morning will be exquisitely owie. The things I do to shake the winter blubber! ahhh. well. yes. hrm. oddment. blubber. nitwit. tweak. favorited a lol 'In some cultures, the elderly are sent out to sea on an iceberg with a bucket of whale blubber, w...' ... Blubber surfing should b an Olympic event Love me some fail whale. You know it's the blubber that mucks everything up. Blubber? Nonsense. I'll never understand women's need to proclaim rampant obesity unless they're a size minus 2. "punish everything I touch/mutherfuck u otha niggas/i just get my weight up/ call me Gudda Blubber nigga" justin just called me his Blubber Buddy...awesome Does the blubber work on blackberries too or does it gum up the keys? I guess then it's a Blubberberry? He is gonna be back if Marcus has to tap out the show becasue I think he gets sick or something ... blubber beats Kimbo haa FYI: The vikings would slather seal blubber on their fingers for optimum cold weather iPhone interaction. Wtf mad fat ppl on ave queenz gotta have a blubber factory lmao easy fix for global warming based on fossil fuel burning - burn whale blubber. Eskimos do it and it keeps Alaska cool and refreshing Been working on building the Blubber (prophets) our aerosol team, still scouting for the best talent around America. It's gorgeous isn't it? I nearly sobbed like a girl at the nightclub bit. I AM a girl, obv, but don't normally blubber at films Oh its all because that stingy things!! You know you're soo blubber mouth A ! Shut up your mouth. You ruined my team's presentation. "What's in nebraska?" "Nebraska has a lot of blubber." "No, that would be alaska." blubber...Octavarium...fasel...continuum...hurz...I never wanted to become someone like him!!!! going back to training tonight. blubber or no blubber i still have to go liao Errrrrr....do u think that's such a good idea?!..considering chubba has a stomach blubber?! oh shit why am i talking like you?!!! ight Blubber Butt I need some narwhal blubber to smear on my geniticals Why did the whale cross the road?...To get to the Blubber side HOO GOT DA BLUBBER & DINK DEY BAD its a whole bunch of them yeah yeah , you blubber pussy kissin fuck . (: 6yo son just pointed out the differences between me and his gymnastics coach: name and glasses. Guess he forgot blubber. is the midget in "Me, Myself & Irene" that stole ya wifey and has her eating blubber! Lol Kimbo Slice vs. Roy Nelson That fight was a waste of TV. We all know blubber don't roll....Kimbo could have had that...... Thank you, office salt-water taffy, for helping me to put on a protective layer of blubber for the winter. You will be missed. There's this really big guy getting out of his car and his is way to small for him so his blubber is all out! That's was KINDA funny haha u shouldn't be..all that blubber should be keeping u warm!! Hahaha fattyy!! u shouldn't be..all that blubber should be keeping u warm!! Hahaha fattyy!! dear. salad does not equal blubber! you should be congratulating yourself that you didnt eat two personal pizzas, like some1 i know just INHALED a salad. getting a head on my layer of blubber for winter. I'm in pain and aching, but it's the good :] Burn the blubber Barnesy! I feel Like the Fatest lard whore! Super Ultra Exploda Whale Blubber wahhhhh synthetic seal/whale blubber/fat is in this season I love it when people who take money from Exxon and Scaife blubber about the terrifying GeorgeSoros. Religion Explained: Bloop glonk flarp leap-of-faith DONE! (He forgot Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!) Saturday.....cool and rainy....perfect for a fall colour run on a HD....hahahah You all have enough blubber to keep warm! Tonight (at 8:19 to be exact), we eat some whale blubber! Roy Nelson is a fatass..if I had 80lbs of whale blubber on me I wouldn't be able to get up..breathing all that chunkiness... I love it when people who take money from Exxon and Scaife blubber about the terrifying George Soros. is listening to wedding song countdown on foxtel music ..blubber..blubber.. and enhaling icing sugar dust from cake icing ..oh the dishes Roy Nelson has the biggest gut I've ever seen-- ITS HARD TO FIGHT THAT BLUBBER. ITS LIKE D MOON SITTING ON U! -RJackson Kimbo Slice should of won that fight he was suffocated in roy nelsons blubber
Wow. I love testing out different apps and then seeing then on the Twitter website. It'll say like from tweetie or tweetdeck or twitterific! my bio clock is pretty messed up... kinda like jet lag but only that i haven't been in a different timezone for more than a year now Do you ever realise how many different candy bars are out there..how do all these companies stay in business at the same time and get money. oh, yeah, that's different. I'm happy for other reasons! I'm totally the Imelda Marcos of down under. I have shoes in three different rooms. Drives Mr crazy when we move house. Did you know that is made from the same plant (Camellia Sinensis) as other teas, but with a different process I'M A DIFFERENT KIND OF PERSON SO IF U R DIFFERENT I'M KIND- Love it!! My quote if you want pass it on! only thing different back here in Tampa is that the mayor has cops patroling in all the hoods. i see a sight but with a different light. There are different technologies used in touch screens There are different technologies used in touch screens There are different technologies used in touch screens i just realised i'm in different classes everyday. Same, and I keep getting warning messages from two different pieces of forum software, Kohana and phpbb :P had a fun night with Joanna, Taj and Alyson! although i wish some things wouldve been different, oh well (said in a ... Yep, its me...trying to like Twitter but its different and not as interesting as the other places..@ERNurseJoy Tonight, a first at the Red Room: Hip Hop show complete with Break Dancers! Whoa. Totally different crowd than our usual indie rockers. Bengals, Browns on different paths (AP) I use both for different purposes. Liking so far. Very different in tone and look from SG-1 and Atlantis but that's not necessarily a bad thing. well 3 times we were told to do different things so = waste my time. 2nd, they did a shit job/bad quality= ripped me off. Create a flow throughout your home by using one hue in different ways throughout your home. well this night deffitnely went way different than i expected The Dunder Mifflin office looks wierd with the new "office" built for Jim. This feels different. Nothing beats seasons 1-3 of The Office. kudos to you 4 your really connecting with tweeps. Whole different perspective on the news! I know you would.. I could see you in so many different scenes & poses.. *Taking the drink from Thanks Mack! ....i love being ignored.....for a game called mafia wars!!! it is no different the Dungeons & Dragons...dorks! Want to find yourself a different job in Sacramento? It's easier than you think! A far different version of song, "Lamb of God" Of course he came out. It's for a different group of fans. But I of can understand the disappointment. "It's different there in baton rouge. Lot of crickets." because they are on a different system than the rest of the country. I am in a different cat, oh well i was bored anyway, what you doing tonight? Wedding Reception: There are lots of different decorating ideas for wedding receptions, themes and colors, cent.. hahaha you look so different O_O Medicare for all would be great but TX doesn't have enough Dr's that will accept it now, NY& CT must be different there are similarities, but different stories. is my fave tho by far! So ND high school games seem a little different at 24 I have four different clours in my hair, ahah. 3 different blonds, and black. Paul --no respect in America for comedy so they put it all into one grouping no good no bad no different genres within Just added 250 new photos from 5 different events. Hit to ck it. Pepeng slowed down n unexpectedly headed off to a different directions. Thank you Lord!! :) u were right...but im ready to go to sleep now. im never on here cuz im on 5 different websites at once... agreed. LatISM might be perceived different from And THAT'S a latism! webmonkey, but I am to stupid to find the stuff for fonts.. I can do colors and different sizes it's very different; more pics on the hyperlink page. Treacherous market. Although if you are looking for something different maybe you should go for Arabian music, or Asian. African could be good too Not so bad.I was just there in July for a week. But if you are in Hollywood isn't it much different then what people think? Be Different and Do What Others Cannot -
REconnecting with my PAST and bringing it back to my PRESENT. Should be a revealing night the best thing about the past week? reconnecting with a few people i truly love. sometimes just talking to those we love is enough. had a really awesome day! Fun at work, amazing improv tonight, reconnecting with old friends & hanging out with new ones laughing all night! Reconnecting with DM on the drive to Toledo. Everything counts in large amounts. I feel like reconnecting my PS2 and playing Metal gear solid 2 when I get home. GOAT game imo Had a great time tonight with friends I've not seen from high school in over 20 years! Loved reconnecting on facebook.. reconnecting! here's the link if you want to chat Reconnecting on FBook, writing a narrative for the IRS (and the NPO) and submitting an application for a new place to live. Moving time! Reconnecting with family and friends after cancer treatment: Cancer survivors sometimes must redevelop relation.. At El Camino in Fremont. It is like reconnecting with an old friend. I am so very grateful for all of my family & freinds. Many new friends via coaching & speaking and reconnecting with old ones too! Reconnecting with family and friends after cancer treatment: Cancer survivors sometimes must redevelop relation.. great job on reconnecting w/ character. How did you do it?so excitd 2 hear how your performance goes, you will be great Sarah! Awesome seeing everyone and reconnecting with friends at Aaron Draplin was great, looking forward to more great speakers/events lol have you tried reconnecting it? It has been fun reconnecting with friends. Too bad I have work soon. :/ Bk on the beautiful Isle of Man - land of my to see my mum&dad.Looking 4ward to reconnecting with family&friends yeh!XX ;-) Loving Twitter for reconnecting me with a long lost friend/colleague from ad agency way back when I lived in Honolulu, Hawaii ReCoNnEcTiNg WiTh My FaMiLy FrM dAddYs sIdE.....& tOmOrRoW iMa B tAlKiNg 2 mY gRaMdMa ViA mSnGr...FiRsT tImE iLl C ... Reconnecting with old friends is good, especially when they call you. To reconnecting with old friends and rekindling old flames *cheers* 11 fixes to common barriers local governments face when they want to implement growth policies New by Reconnecting America finds 1000s living in affordable housing by transit could face higher rents: Reconnecting with all my Sens comm buddies! *grins* This. Is. AWESOME. :D and reconnecting them w/ their ALL of their heritage Just plumbed in a new washing machine. Testing it whilst having a beer before reconnecting the dishwasher. Friday night fun! Old friends I'd lost touch w/ r suddently reconnecting Live & in person Love it but freaky since they r all from different times in the past streaming from austin city limits. reconnecting with my bluegrass/country/okie roots. i am tom joad/huck finn. 11 essential fixes to common barriers local governments face when implementing growth policies Having a great time at General Conference...reconnecting with some old friends and making some new ones. Facebook/Linkedin/Twitter - Tools for connecting/reconnecting w/ people & focus on the people. Sweet talk got that candy bling. Reconnecting with people feels good about to have lunch with an old high school friend. love reconnecting! Reconnecting my phone today! Good point! I'd be going up the wall if I had to keep reconnecting a conference call!! "Nothing is more than reconnecting with your bliss," Deepak Chopra. Order "The Bliss List" at & reconnect! So great to meet you, too and Look forward to reconnecting We must deftly dodge the rocks and flow around them, reconnecting on the other side, forever moving 4ward in a fiendish fury or a steadfast Sue Monk Kidd & daughter at HQ to discuss their new memoir. The pair traveled across Europe, reconnecting along the way. Hear more tnite@7. a handbook for those who want to bring modern bicycle boulevards to their communities...from Reconnecting America This looking interesting from Reconnecting America. Fundamentals of Bicycle Boulevard Planning & Design Hell Yeah. It's good to be in touch, Funny that I'm reconnecting with friends I met during Multiply days here on Twitter. Reconnecting with twitter. Looking for sponsors and volunteers for our two fall events - Signature Chefs and Building Our Community. Funny that I'm reconnecting with friends I met during Multiply days here on Twitter.
I'm learning to love the wind - its a help not a hindrance as its resistance helps me get fitter :) Thanks to for donating! :D Distance should not be a hindrance in helping. God bless! :D
Watching the Albinism documentary on 20/20.....really good Watching a crazy documentary on Albinism with my mom. I'm not getting the H1N1 flu shot. Forget people injecting shit into my system. Fan-created documentary about BlizzCon: An event for fans ... Sorry to any of my followers that are Bon Jovi fans...but he fucking sucks why does he have a documentary just saw that documentary on Hosoi (sp?)...amazing story i watched a documentary about Hitler today....very interesting. GALLERY: Celebs Come Out For "Good Hair" Premiere | HelloBeautiful: Chris Rock's documentary enti.. Photoshoot For Albinism Documentary Looks like a cool documentary on high school wrestling. I'm really impressed with Ken Burns' new documentary series about the National Parks. gorgeous! your Advanced 3D motion class was esp effective using examples from your moving Bedford documentary; looking forward to DVD Watching "very young girls" everyone tune in this is the best documentary..if u have cablevision tune in..showtime321 Students Produce First Documentary on Life of Josh Gibson nice profile pic. just saw a documentary on ali lst night. amazing! Seen district 9; cool ass flick and just finished watching the TYSON documentary real dope my day with a documentary about Comic Sans :) (via Congratulations again on your appearance in the Ken Burns documentary! Michael Sanders and his TV documentary 'Justice: What's the Right Thing to Do? Editing trailer for "I Can Dance!" - a groundbreaking Feature Documentary film about how changes kids' lives. The documentary about the national parks was narrated by "Peter Coyote." Watching the Burns National Parks documentary. So many memories! Watching a documentary about Philip Glass...fascinating. Little documentary about Comic Sans. Yes, we know... Having seen a handful of the films, I can promise you that the 30 for 30 documentary series will be the best thing espn has Thank you Ken Burns & PBS. I have enjoyed our National Parks Documentary & look forward to seeing it again & in person. Previous but how cld Anyone Acorn (tht alrdy doesnt) after seeing the FNC Documentary 2nite? Acorn=Fail New Documentary featuring Tori and more! Please repost! get a haircut! =D geico ftw! mark hoppus owns you! cant wait till the documentary More Than A Game dir says it took 6 yrs to make doc. 10 min High Sch project turned into this great documentary about bball & friendship Have you seen "Monster Camp" best documentary ever Excerpt From A Documentary on The Making of The Beatles "Abbey Road" - Little documentary about Comic Sans. Yes, we know... is zombieland a documentary on what hilary duff looks like now? Finally have my 2nd entry up, need to step up my game. "They Call it Sking Bling" I watched Seasonal Forrests yesterday. Planet is probably the greatest nature documentary ever... Modern-day interviews with historians, complete documentary on US Civil War Forever Free 1862 watched documentary of ACORN on FOX. The absolute corruption of the Democratic in stonewalling investigation will undo the wow it was a pretty moving documentary, I'd recomend everyone go see it. I just finished the documentary now watching grey gardens the movie We made the BEST documentary on our AP Fall Ball trip! WHOO! Wash Post review of CSPAN Supreme Week & documentary: "The Supreme Appealing" Sun 10/3: WCW Poetry Symposium 10:30AM-5PM Rutherford Library 150 Park Ave Rutherford NJ 201.939.8600 Readings, Documentary, Exhibit FREE Awesome documentary- "Lord, Save Us From Your Followers" !! For all, a must see... Loved the Ken Burns documentary on PBS. Tell the Sierra Club your favorite national park and win a trip to Yosemite! Grandaddy Cardarople steps up to bat. Matthew makes an excellent documentary. Louis Theroux documentary on body builders...gross in a good way Michael, have you thought about doing a documentary on Gay Rights in the US? Discovered a great Photography blog from / Sephi. I love the & pics just got back from M Moore's Capitalism; fairly solid critique, but even more interesting as a reflection on his own approach to documentary
Our solar gadgets require no running costs, saving you money on energy bills: hurrah for my friend Vanessa, who has put saving Western Painted as front page news! .....im always saving the crazy flamingo from danger annnnnd, my aunt was saving it... whoops! Check out this SlideShare Presentation : Saving media: The UC Berkeley Media Technolg... superman never made any money saving the world from solomon grundy It's "why do we keep talking about saving traditional journalism" day at NEWS UPDATE: People are saving HUNDREDS on CAR INSURANCE by simply shopping online I am saving it as "Blockbuster" because it makes me want to return things. By This Christ Is The Only Sustainable Life Learn Why: News*! He is Saving Everyone. waao what a fun night with my loser friends and Cody bro.! saving all my energy, looking foward for a fun night tom ... New Blog Post: Saving Your Money Every Time You Print using InkSaver Software Everyday Deals on neighborhood restaurants. Saving everytime you dine out Our i nearly cried. i've just finished my photo editing then accidentaly close the photoshop without saving my work. oh my. You should be a bus boy! I hear alot of chefs out that way. SO saving cause WE ARE GOING TO NYC! Would like to remind everybody that Daylight Saving tonight - wind your clocks forward an hour before bed ;-) This Christ Is The Only Sustainable Life Learn Why: News*! He is Saving Everyone. Saving Lives: Working As An Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) Organization donates child safety seats to KHP|The Kansas Motor Carriers Association made a life-saving donation .. Don't forget its daylight saving time and to change the time on your PVRs, DVD recorders and other devices. Interested in Frugal living? Check out the Money Saving Blog at lmao damn...i used to do that though, saving people as "do not answer"...some get the hint and some don't You're supposed to be saving money. yeah, at least the ATO is paying the business use of it. i've done my environment saving, now its time for a little payback :p has to saving up and eat less for SUMMMMMMERRRR (; briana124: creatr a mini-poer plant so that the power company actually sends you a check each month all while saving! ... briana124: creatr a mini-poer plant so that the power company actually sends you a check each month all while saving! ... Thank you for following. I would like to introduce to you a money saving way to deal with hay fever at OF SAVING: SAVING THE BEST FOR LAST finally i got google voice. now saving me money my dear. I'm not saving you shit. I need to be on my way down THERE. Saving Game in Zombies Daylight saving now very much of New Zealand lifestyle thanks to all: affiliatelancenow theme of "Money Saving, Money Making, Tips and Ideas"! Just keep following for more! affiliatelancenow Saving time and money shopping at via amazon prime. Free 2nd day shipping no tax has many "Money Saving, Money Making, Tips and Ideas" for you! Chocolate | Coupons | Money | Games I LOVE Apocalypse Now 'He sees things mannn' :) Yours? || Saving Private Ryan LIVE conference "Global Unity: Together in Saving Lives" ft. Supreme Master Ching Hai noted speakers in 2 hrs! (3p ... Don't Tax Life-Saving Medical Technology - this should be globally followed TD saving tackle on the fumble return there... thought Alexander was gonna go that we are evil heathens that need saving from ourselves lol "The law and the prophets of Adventist doctrine take a back seat to Jesus." - Bill Colburn in Saving Jesus from Adventism I've been saving some vitriol for it, lol. What are you saving for? A new car or what the fuck, man! Use your money to go the dentist once in a while. i need to saving money. i have to move. i need to get away from this goddamn place.... Problems saving in ODST? What happens?? I'm curious, I haven't gone back to my campaign game in a couple days... LIVE conference "Global Unity: Together in Saving Lives" ft. Supreme Master Ching Hai noted speakers in 2 hrs! (3pm HK/ 9am CET/ 12am LA)
I'm honored! Rearing back into action again have an email in the works to you. Thank you so much, means a lot to hear that Autism is rearing it's ugly head, Mattie not sleeping-still. Secular parenting meeting tonight a success, and this despite my exhaustion. A good group of people! Yay for godless child-rearing! That would be "rearing him." I can hear my father's voice correcting me "crops are raised, people are reared." oy. Poor pitching has plagued them most of the season and is rearing its ugly head again as Royals load bases. When asked how many sexual I've had, I went with the safe answer. Thank you Double Standard for once agin rearing your ugly head. guess jetlag is still rearing it's ugly head. but since 4 this morning I've organized laptop and writing a (real) song! w00t. headed to Osaka today. pretty darn tired but hopefully will be rearing for action after the train ride(s) there ^_^ Any daughter-rearing advice? You seem to have done a great job with your 3. disco is rearing its head again. space rock, cosmic disco, swedish disco, italo disco and disco rap! disco is rearing its head again. space rock, cosmic disco, swedish disco, italo disco and disco rap! Oh my boys are at it today. Sibling rivalry is rearing its ugly head.... ahh too bad I have to leave for work in an hour. : ) You know you are close to your higher powers goodness when the gremlins rearing their ugly heads. hard or time consuming? e.g., no life other than thesis. your child-rearing challenges dwarf any phd work i've heard of. you inspire Free parenting classes focus on positive child rearing, healthy they sound like it! lol nice to know I'm not alone in this girl rearing business! lol most of my friends have boys! Rearing of a Grandparent I know. If they miss that crucial nap they tend to nap around dinner time and are then rearing to go until midnight! aaaaargh. You know what this is?? It's karma rearing its ugly head for all the times I thought I was more slick than MY teachers. TGIF. I will try to get past my horse rearing at the and get on with my day. Plenty of good left. Do you like it? We have endless printer/fax issues that keep rearing their ugly heads right when I'm busiest.... Great workshop last night! Help with jobs, child rearing, and running a business. Join us next Thursday. Great workshop last night! Help with jobs, child rearing, and running a business. Join us next Thursday. Great coaching last night! Applied insights to jobs, child rearing, and running a business. Join us next Thursday. Harvard Executive Education now has a program dedicated to women & career development including re-entry after child rearing - for $5K? Wow ... making decisions about my future (the freelance option keeps rearing it's head). Sounds like the City of Boulder, is working very diligently, trying to keep this event from rearing it's ugly head again this Halloween! tabby feeps making her boyfriend by arguing over little things.the green eyed monster is rearing up her head hey lady! brain alien is rearing it's ugly head, but i don't think as bad as the other day We think its paramount! We're looking at British veal rearing standards, very good in UK -appauling on continent! She's not a bad looking girl-anyway,it doesn't seem to matter what you tweet you still get sexbots rearing their ugly heads Breakfast alone at panera...someone care to join me? Ill be here eating and rearing Dan Browns new thriller. Being a Vegan is only hard during the BBQ season. Former meat-eater in me keeps rearing it's ugly head but I'm resolved to keep healthy.#fb Rearing pets cost you more than $0. Interesting in the Guardian on pubs rearing their own meat: Oh he's getting them down him, he's just tentative about it. And he's slowly getting into rearing up at them too. GRRRR! rearing 'the satan bug' by Alistair Mclean...... Free parenting classes focus on positive child rearing, healthy ...: Free parenting classes are being offered b.. Free parenting classes focus on positive child rearing, healthy ...: 3 - Setting Limits and Expectations: Learn.. Treating my biological imperative towards pain due to lack of child rearing apparently leaves me somewhat and unable to focus. Free parenting classes focus on positive child rearing, healthy ... up and rearing to go! spilt my apple juice then stabbed myself in the eye with a mascara brush.. thank god it's friday. If you've got kids & haven't already heard of the book get it! Child-rearing science, not theory. Great. Them crooked vultures: as the set continues, more and more queens of the stone age are rearing their heads. Free parenting classes focus on positive child rearing, healthy ... Free parenting classes focus on positive child rearing, healthy ... - The Batavian Free parenting classes focus on positive child rearing, healthy ... - The Batavian Camp was so fun. Sad its over :( BUT I do love Z packs, I'm rearing and ready to go for the night. Thank YOU doc! It's because you're a woman, darling. And a beautiful one, at that. The green-eyed monster is rearing it's head I'm afriad.
Eradicating evil is so hard. When ppl criticize God 4 asking Israelites to get rid of [everyone],this is why. Evil lurks and preys my pleasure. There's a lot of people depending on u guys. Best of luck eradicating this disease. Eradicating electronic waste by recycling end-of-life electronics, thereby keeping landfills free of hazardous electronic equipment. We make noise on eradicating child labour..Forget that, aren't we seeing "Infant Labour" these days in some ridiculous reality shows ?. eradicating a species tonight with the assistance of mssrs Wonnacott, Greenhorn and Roman. Amen to eradicating false masculinity in any culture: Creating Explosive Wealth Growth For Others and Introducing Healthy Water for Eradicating Disease -eradicating Good overview US Naval Academy alum on & - eradicating in Kenya: -eradicating Event: October 8: Reconnecting Humanity: Eradicating A 21st Century Possibility eradicating bonuses for traders, using this money in development projects=> a world finance more socially responsible diggfeeder Coolest Vampire Hunting Kits (w/PICS): There's something so quaint and tidy about a kit for eradicating ev.. * join_me Diggfeeder Coolest Vampire Hunting Kits (w/PICS): There's something so quaint and tidy about a kit for eradicating evi.. join_me Coolest Vampire Hunting Kits (w/PICS): There's something so quaint and tidy about a kit for eradicating evil. S.. Coolest Vampire Hunting Kits (w/PICS): There's something so quaint and tidy about a kit for eradicating evil. S.. Coolest Vampire Hunting Kits (w/PICS): There's something so quaint and tidy about a kit for eradicating evil. S.. .Mahatma Gandhi jee was the great leader, dedicated to eradicating the unjust social and economic aspects of the caste system Coolest Vampire Hunting Kits (w/PICS): There's something so quaint and tidy about a kit for eradicating evil. S.. Take a step to fulfil Gandhiji's vision of eradicating by making a social investment today ... Take a step to fulfil Gandhiji's vision of eradicating by making a social investment today Take a step to fulfil Gandhiji's vision of eradicating by making a social investment today Pls :) Imagine that we now so close to also eradicating polio! Public Speaking: The Secret to Eradicating Fears and Losing the Jitters Eradicating a religion of kindness is, I think, a terrible thing for the Chinese to attempt. Good overview US Naval Academy alum on & -> eradicating in Kenya: Public Speaking: The Secret to Eradicating Fears and Losing the Jitters Eradicating hunger is not the matter of producing more food. It's the matter of distributing it. is what we have coined the movement of eradicating Lacefront wigs. lol The ACLU will be siding FOR muslim prayer in our schools and workplaces while eradicating the cross from public view! I'm working on eradicating the decent half with my counselor's assistance Eradicating cancer the natural way with Essiac Apologising is a good thing, eradicating his philosophy is the most thing, make the world safer for everybody. very good. Could we have a similar one, but dealing with eradicating mangy foxes?? fcp just wasted 2hrs of my life by hanging and completely eradicating 2hrs of work. I obviously tried eradicating way too many last year Grey Man is an internatl organisation dedicated 2 eradicating the trafficking &exploitation of children. Sitting outside the building listening to people talk about eradicating students are so cute Gosh, these painkillers are making my brain feel fuzzy, but they're not completely eradicating the pain that plagues my side. FB We have reduced the number of polio cases by ovr 99 percent. It's critical that R determination must not waver in eradicating polio.. The fuck does "psychonautica, greasy glam, thought-eradicating pummelprog, and bleary spindlerock" mean? Is that some kind of breakfast? Check out my "Multitasking (2): Eradicating the blight" on my website - Eradicating militants in Kashmir is of greatest Army: An offic.. Eradicating militants in Kashmir is of greatest Army Eradicating militants in Kashmir is of greatest Army Eradicating militants in Kashmir is of greatest Army The Islamo-fascist final solution is jihad against Christians and Jews, eradicating them, to bring in Sharia and the Islamic State The Obesity Society Solution to Eradicating the Obesity Epidemic: Washington Times American Taxpayer Money Spent on Eradicating Hebrew-Language Signs :: Daniel Pipes
omg Echo Toper :'( A Jolly Toper Tasting in Edinburgh A toss-pot is a drunkard, a toper; a would-be alcoholic still managing to function in society. ya iyaa mksd gw itu hahaha Alumni ud ga boleh pake seragam!(Toper) alumni pake sragam jg gk blh ms ... you should meet my mate if you want to see a real toper. G ud suru lu k tmpt toper ntr g bantuinn! beneran ya ra.. Weekend bsk ke rumah gw yaa.. last day of coffee fest today! If you are attending - please visit our booth # 1102. Toper 5kg and 1kg per batch models on display.
is wondering where and how to on neurobiology...=s
Deal *pulls on unitard and limbers up* Christopher Hitchens limbers up for debate with Cardinal Pell: Oh and and drinking in PR...and eating limbers and morcillas. And And going to the beach. ah ha!*limbers up typing fingers*but is this ploy 2 get me 2 DM u more nekkid mud pictures? ;) on Golfalot: Harrington limbers up for final sprint: The Irish Times - *stretches, and limbers for the climb* Limbers barking @ vaquita threw my window and vaquita took off running! Poor thing lol! <Denise.Marie<3> It's after 5 p.m. Having a glass now limbers up the brain cells on what to fix for dinner. That's my story; sticking to it. 'Twas the day of an INTENSE workout w/limbers and walkovers and then a deep tissue massage - my body is spent!! ah well. at least you were the first to get "umber" hehe.. this is one place you don't hafta be limbers =P
Online Drugstore. Bud's Theme Park Sale? Guess I'm going to bud's with diddy and marci...... I wanna live with a cinnamon girl...I could be happy the rest of my life with a cinnamon girl........This bud's for you! Inventory underway. We'd rather sell it than count it. Special Inventory Deals this Saturday. Bud's Warehouse Denver. Prices 50% off Retail. I am enjoying my weekend by my best bud's 2mr evening! Hell yeah, gonna be a lot of fun! My bud's gonna give me a tarot card reading. Hopefully there's something good :) My bud's gonna tarot card reading. Hopefully there's something good Oh yeah & Happy Day Gandhi, This bud's for you: "The only tyrant I accept in this world is the still voice within." Saskatoon Gigs (cont): Jon Bailey at McNally Robinson. Kashmir at Bud's On Broadway. Doll Talk and Ransom at Beily's. Merillat cabinets in the house at Bud's Warehouse. Denver. Over 50 percent off wholesale. Going fast. at my best bud's house today!!!watching scooby doo the mystery begins and laughing our heads off!"old and wrinky!"my niew phrase!!!:D I'm working on my pool game at Bud's Barn, watch out! W/friends like this... "Pro-America" Conservatives rooted against their own country 4 Olympics. Hey, asshats, this Bud's for U With friends like this... "Pro-America" Conservatives rooted against their own country for the Olympics. Hey, asshats, this Bud's for you. now has all of Two Leaves & A Bud's teas listed: Hey you teases. This bud's for you: well hello Alex, Bud's daughter! In Bud's Baseball the parade is right around Thanksgiving pogoed with my 16-month old to F'd Up in celebration of their Polaris Prize. To big guys with beards everywhere, this Bud's for you. On our way to bike nite. We're gonna celebrate my best bud's engagement! We're having a wedding at the clubhouse on the 17th! No. 1 on Bud's top ten list was hysterical! and look like best bud's,good luck to both in their bet,I wa lucky enough to spar Tony, will they both follow me? The DH, Jesus did say render unto Bud what is Bud's & render unto God what is Gods. Caribbean, Gourmet, Bakery Delights, it's all on ya taste bud's Goddess!!! bud's ads aren't as cool guiness' ads, but still nice: last minute lunch delivery here now.. Bud's chowders are here too. yum yum this bud's for u. lol Enjoy Karaoke every Thursday!: Larry Bud's Bar & Grill Join 'Still Phil' from Shooting Star Karaoke at L.. is off work and hanging out at Bud's ... hey man congrats on the putter win ! Fellow DFW res any time you wanna play let me know always looking for golf bud's !! This Bud's on me Scott OMG! just closed the Socialtext Sales with a monster 333% to quota. WAY TO GO SCOTT! Holy crap! Just heard Young & Divine playing during a montage on So You Think You Can Dance! All my bud's bands are making it big! my dude Bud's leaving for bootcamp tomorrow! MAD RESPECT SON!! ... Saskatoon Gigs: The Perms and Autopilot at Bud's on Broadway. Shuyler Jansen hosts Open Mic at The Roxy. The Mason Rack Band at Beily's. someone took bud's phone and text sp that he was murdered.. he alive though Teams getting what they pay for - Teams getting what they pay of Baseball Bud S.. Spoken like a true Scot. I suspect you don't go for Bud's drinkability anyway, huh? Psyched for Pisco Sour tasting tonight. Though concerned about an Irish bud's warning that too much Pisco made him black out and (REDACTED). That's funny. went from lunch at Rockin Sake, to Juan's, now Bud's Broiler. ;) I want to be on Bud's ad team: Ryan White was 1 of Michael Jackson's best bud's in the world. When Michael Lost Ryan, he lost a bit of his self. haha u must've really enjoyed ur bud's celebration =) Rumors of composite decking arriving late October. Stay tuned. Sold very quickly last year at 50% off prices! Bud's Warehouse. Denver. I've made a friend of a SEAL from BUD/S 233, can't say enough good things about him.. best of America, top guy... To get Bud's car to fit in here before winter. Also, after finishing Leanne's commission, I will most likely be digging out... I couldn't figured out where I knee the new kid on Gossip Girl from so I imdb-ed it and he was Air Bud's owner. Yup yup... my Bud's office is on the 8th floor of Pavilion and they evacuated the building already! wth? pavillion? is so not responding to best bud`s with tramps. We just got in several stores and restaurants in Chattanooga Riley's, Riverside, Bud's, Hennen's, St John's, Easy Bistro. Thanks!
Editing an interview of me for Appalling to see one's ramblings and incoherences transcribed into Word. Jefferson on Rev. merely the ravings of a maniac, no more nor capable of explanation than the incoherences of our own nightly dreams Twitting away my egocentric incoherences...
And the wind shall say Here were decent godless people. Their only monument the asphalt road. And a thousand lost golf balls. -T. S. Eli ... its cold. so about a thousand chicks are gunna get hypothermia tomorrow. myself included. I tweeted a video of me doing gangsta rap karaoke this morning, isn't that like a thousand tweets? 'cause i get a thousand hugs from ten thousand lightning bugs as they try to teach me how to dance. "Tell her you miss her when you're close enough to kiss her & that you'd walk a thousand miles to tell ... went to a U-dub volleyball game... made me feel collegiate now i just feel like too bad my friends live a few thousand miles away.. Can I have that axe ? I will trade you it for ...three thousand dollars! Y'all better follow or the wrath of a thousand Hitlers may set upon you well, at least for the non open notes :) the nice thing about the cellos and violins is you don't have to worry about frets, you can just adjust your position a bit I havent eat yet...and tat foxy bath like 1 thousand yr... A hundred days have made me older. A thousand lies have made me colder. Thousand Miles... (David Archuleta) Just got done gambling away 4 thousand bucks! KoC college council is amazing! but missing kristen! thousand island this is my 100th tweet...just a few thousand more to go and i'll be one with civilization! Organic Cotton for SELL: We are a group of companies, having 125 thousand spindles, producing only cotton combe.. An elegent gift can be of thousand precious moment of life. An gift can be of thousand precious moment of life. And the sad is my violin will need some new strings soon, too. >.< Thankfully they are far cheaper than cello strings. Checkout this great kids book "First Thousand Words Spanish IL" @ you realize you're going to get like, a thousand video comments now yes? I am running a search for $0 in my tweeter account and the number comes up to be a thousand. You Won't Make Millions of Dollars but How Does a Few Thousand Extra Dollars Every Month Sound? @ Whitney: you know you've won win a thousand gays dance to million dollar bill more than any other song in one night. SAVE $2.49 - Welcome to the Masquerade - Thousand Foot Krutch $11.49 Chinese Flowering White Serissa Bonsai Tree of a Thousand Stars Curved Trunk Style Extra Large haha. oh. im justttt saying. credit cardd will get u like a thousand dollar debt. hahaha! darn jonas brothers An gift can be of thousand precious moment of life. Thanx a thousand for the follow hun.. Keep in touch wit ya boy!!! An elegent gift of thousand precious moment of life. - a picture can say a thousand words pretty much the same with any stringed instrument really. From Tarot of the Thousand and One Nights comes today's card: 4 of Pentacles. Possessing and holding, tenacity and greed. ah, makes sense then. I havn't had that. This is my first of the really high gravity stuff. And of course he feels wery still vhen he ees going past one-hundred-thousand miles. Zat ees ze job of dampers. And of course feels wery still vhen he ees going past one-hundred-thousand miles. Zat ees ze job of dampers. Watching your movie 'The Rocker' I love it! Watched it a thousand times! IT WAS DESTINY! ONCE EVERY HUNDRED THOUSAND YEARS OR SO, WHEN THE SUN DOTH SHINE AND THE MOON DOTH GLOW! God, 8 thousand updates from ME about Joshua Bell. He has replaced Smith. one thousand! o// Swaggger on a hundred thousand trillion
Kevin Kleinrock needs a Twitter page...that dood loves his phone and texting
Austin: APD apprehending murder suspect I love my neighbors: Catching skunks, apprehending & sitting on belligerent guys w/knives, getting their stolen cars back, planting bulbs. NCIS: LOS ANGELES Encore Screening 8:30pm Friday: This division of NCIS is charged with apprehending dangerous .. this man raped a child and i applaud switzerland fof apprehending him. you people disgust me. if it tooks us 30 years to nab Polanski who has been in plain sight, what chance have we of apprehending Osama et al.? Polanski arrest "like apprehending a war criminal many years after the fact." (via GREAT JOB by officers for apprehending the 3 carjacking suspects. Good example of great by officers all around! Polasnki's OWN LAWYERS caused his arrest - they claimed prosecutors were 'not serious' about apprehending him: And kudos to the Swiss for apprehending him. Bravo. Just my opinion. We approach people apprehending weather we will be Loved or not,instead we can approach by Loving First. Before we could make the arrest, Piotrowski fled back to the shuttle, and Rae followed him with the intent of apprehending the man. Apprehending a rapist and fugitive is a set-up? C'mon. I doubt anyone would say that if the perp was an average Joe. Just got a call from the home office informing me that I am 3rd in the company for apprehending shoplifters. Raise coming my way? 2nd that! Truth is females are way more ruthless and persistent than men when apprehending a potential mate Criminal Code that prevents retailers from apprehending shoplifters outside their store's premises?[18 century law] Monitoring your store or business can be invaluable, in identifying and apprehending ... know what to search fo.. I like that the Swiss' biggest contribution to international politics, ever, is apprehending Roman Polanski. I THOUGHT YOU STAYED OUT OF IT! I was in the middle apprehending someone for shoplifting. And i just loled hardcore. Now they think im crazy I'm kindly suprised about liers game in people relations. Should I change apprehending or people?
not surprised they happen but I am surprised the boss did it. Too easy to attract a harassment suit or unwittingly harass. Sounds like a Bell soap! EEWYUCK EW if claudia sleeps with dante, he's (unwittingly) sleeping with his stepmom. ooo HOT nooo wait EEEWWWW YUCK EWWW OMG EWWW if claudia sleeps with dante, he's (unwittingly) sleeping with his stepmom. EW! if claudia sleeps with dante, he's (unwittingly) sleeping with his stepmom. EW! FTW! Want to unwittingly give bad directions? Apparently, there's an app for that Want to unwittingly give bad directions? Apparently, there's an app for that Liberal Media Matters has (unwittingly) aggregated the BEST stories regarding Chicago's lost bid ...wait that's supposed to be 'made me unwittingly do something', isn't it? Walk Away...: The landlord of an pub which unwittingly played host to a meeting of the far-right... A Community In Action: The landlord of an pub which unwittingly played host to a meeting of the ... " But they do not mean that this Shakti is the personal of Sri Aurobindo and Mother; they merely express, unwittingly, ...> The "liquid" stock was gel. I'd cooked it too long and unwittingly rendered the bones. I didn't have chicken stock. I had chicken jello. for 3F this week, thanks to whose tweets unwittingly supplied the wildcards. America"s High-Tech Sweatshops: U.S. companies may be contributing unwittingly to the exploitation of workers i.. i've unwittingly and unintentionally become an internet geek Have unwittingly eaten whole packet. Now really do feel ill. Most object in the known universe? MS's promo video for W7 launch Unwittingly hilarious: America's High-Tech Sweatshops: U.S. companies may be contributing unwittingly to the exploitation of workers i.. You Commit Three Felonies a Day number of crimes the average American now unwittingly commits because of vague laws By renaming to TLC has unwittingly made a comment about divorce in America. Mom just unwittingly ate a 5 year old frozen pizza. All resident fetuses should strap in for a potential intestinal rollercoaster. Dave unwittingly ran a loldungeon tonight and got more than he bargained for and considering the age of these girls, unwittingly creepy and considering the age of these girls, unwittingly creepy I am looking at this oddly pale burger and thinking about how I might just unwittingly trust the fast food industry more than anyone I know. I am looking at this oddly pale burger and thinking about how I might just unwittingly trust the food industry more than anyone I know. Im pretty sure ive unwittingly sold my soul to the auburn music They are very quickly sucking the life out of me. Rich, there's got to be one hyper-hormonal cyber dude that will unwittingly fall for the trap... That's more sad than the bots. America's High-Tech Sweatshops: U.S. companies may be contributing unwittingly to the exploitation of workers i.. I unwittingly a war. xD; By renaming to "Kate Plus 8", TLC has unwittingly made a comment about divorce in America. Just saw two people unwittingly walking like the greatful dead bears. I told em to "keep on truckin" and they said "Que?" I guess was running a promotion that I unwittingly in. Who knew? Anyway, yay Robots In Disguise! I hate it when I get a cut and unwittingly bleed all over myself. Dress as the coworker who annoys you the most. Bonus points if they notice, DOUBLE if they unwittingly compliment your style instead. Hebrew 3:2 Do not forget to strangers for by doing so you may have unwittingly and angle!! I LOVE YOU ALL, REAL TALK! Dear Please let me apologize in advance for anything that does that Imay have unwittingly encouraged. ahem. : ) People invite illness into their lives through their lifestyle choices sometimes unwittingly, sometimes by choosing to ignore the facts Peder Clark attests with Surface to Surface, Audision "unwittingly fall into the classic techno album trap." gave me my dj name (Stanza) after I unwittingly out as dj verse gave me my dj name (Stanza) after I unwittingly out as dj verse What I don't understand is how this UNWITTINGLY happens. haha e more u reply me, e more u will unwittingly review de lor! Haha! Australians unwittingly reducing their own banking options, as they continue to place cash with one of the big four banks. Australians are unwittingly reducing their own banking options, as they continue to place cash with one of the big four banks. I have a fear I've unwittingly cashed in all my karma points in a single day. However, I have Chocolate Lucky Charms to distract from worry. Now (unwittingly) in the middle of a barney between the doormen & reception. Four beefy guys having it out. Not a pretty sight.
hand-embroidered amulets created mindfully in sacred space for protection, money, love $13 eac.. (via hand-embroidered amulets created mindfully in sacred space for protection, money, love $13 each Listening to music mindfully is pretty awesome. :D finished my season last Sunday with a PR! and now I can't stop eating CRAP! Mindfully, but its still crap. Ah, chores. I guess this is of being a mindfully living human, but sometimes I want a servant. <- Hear hear! Ah, chores. I guess this is of being a mindfully living human, but sometimes I want a servant. A piece of chocolate eaten mindfully can satisfy you in a way that a whole bar of chocolate gobbled mindlessly in front of a TV never can. The key to eating mindfully is to bring your full attention to the process of eating so that you can eat less, and truly savor your food. Where are you ? When are you ? What are you doing? Are you doing it mindfully ? Mindfully Thinking about the Therapeutic Relationship Breathe mindfully ... becoming aware of our breathe. (this is so Relaxes instantly* Breathe mindfully...becoming aware of our breath. Breathe in through the nose say IN...and as your breathe out say OUT. BE AWARE! PEACEFUL LOVE mindfully. love mindfully? LOVE mindfully. Breathe mindfully. Chew mindfully. Speak mindfully. Walk mindfully. Eating mindfully, frugally and elegantly, with an heirloom bean Eating mindfully, frugally and elegantly, with an heirloom bean re:"why's that?" Because everything can be done mindfully. Even undesirable things. Mindfulness does not = implied legit. Out on a walk with the hounds. Trying to walk 'Mindfully' for the whole walk! And just failed, by having the need to Tweet about it. Lol. Out on a walk with the hounds. Trying to walk 'Mindfully' for the while walk! And just failed. By having the need to Tweet about it. Lol. I'm mindfully meditating all day (this morning already and every few hours from my desk) healthy mind=healthy body :) You create your life with your every thought. Choose your thoughts mindfully. Choose thoughts of respect, kindness, empathy and compassion. Almost looks like Yoga is like Zen (Zazen) with more focus on actively and mindfully changing body positions. "Everything I Want to Do Is Illegal" by Joel Salatin. Mindfully.org: Breathe mindfully. Sleep mindfully? Breathe mindfully.\ Forget stuff mindfully. Breathe mindfully. LOVE mindfully. Chew mindfully. Speak mindfully. Walk mindfully. Does anybody else wonder why it's so hard to live mindfully, act consciously and handle our emotions intelligently? "All work done mindfully rounds us out, helps complete us as persons."-Marsha Sinetar Emphasize mind over matter and you create, mindfully. Emphasize Soul over mind and you create, soulfully. (via ) Change: A person, who no matter how desperate the situation, gives others hope, is a true leader ~ Daisaku Ikeda Your deepest desires need you. Practice mindful walking and breathing. Do everything mindfully so you are really present. BREATHE MINDFULLY!!!! LOVE mindfully. Mindfully Practicing Backlink Self-Discipline: One rational rationale for attempting to procure choice backlink.. Eat mindfully by sitting down & focusing your full attention on the meal. Eat slowly, taking time to fully enjoy & concentrate on each bite. Mindfully Greenie Strong Climate Leadership in the Time of ...: Thus, it is critical for the stakeholders in ci.. Mindfully Greenie Strong Climate Leadership in the Time of ... Speak mindfully.
What triggered this promotive Processing ProMotive orders from Interbike badge card. If you ordered...be patient. We have a lot to through. Thanks! is running their discount special for InterBike through our site called Pro deals for qualified people.
Too bad there isn't a Senator Succors, or we could fully complete your Baucus Caucus name game
I haven't tried tunneling yet. Let me exhaust all the other streaming sites, and then I'll try that out if I need to. I want to read: Tunneling to the Center of the by Kevin Wilson - The ways of creative destruction are tunneling through every corner of the media industry. Nothing is secure. - CH2M HILL is Hiring: Senior Tunneling Engineer - Chantilly... (Chantilly, VA) "just to be safe, leave your tiny pickaxe here, i dont want you tunneling for diamonds in my bed or some shit" Tunneling Beneath Atlantic Ave and Into Brooklyn's Railroad History - Urban Oyster - NYC Walking Tour Tunneling Beneath Atlantic Ave and Into Brooklyn's Railroad History - Urban Oyster - NYC Walking Tou Quantum Tunneling Across The Zero-Point Field.. Strange. Internet was slow, but after tunneling it over a SSH connection to a server, it's about 5 times as fast. Quantum Tunneling Across The Zero-Point Field.. "The girlfriend makes the illest butter chicken" {I c sum1 is tunneling thru yo stomach to get to yo wallet...ag I mean Quantum Tunneling Across The Zero-Point Field.. Tunneling through jackson Sammy update: Documents reveal China Communist connection to China tunneling -- OMDzz!! The SICK tunneling I have done on the iPhone would make even proud of me! This was actually EPIC!! lol My son keeps coming home w/ rocks in his pockets from daycare. I suspect he's tunneling out ala Shawshank Redemption. For those wondering what to get me for Xmas, a Scanning Tunneling Microscope would be delightful. Loved this My son keeps coming home w/ rocks in his pockets from daycare. I suspect he is tunneling out ala Shawshank Redemption. Regional Tunnel Practice Leader: Details: Parsons Brinckerhoff Geotechnical & Tunneling (PBGT) Te.. melting ice caps, tunneling. How long can Amsterdam survive? High-Speed Rail Authority (@cahsra) releases study of alignments, tunneling vs. above ground - How to configure IPSEC encryption with the Cisco IOS site to site VPN tunneling is the decent about something underground cause I don't tunneling yesturday and my bf said something about it to scare me!! Looking for gui for that tunneling. I like MySQL Query Browser but it lacks SSH. Anyone have suggestions? News Update: Get network versatility with SSH tunneling and netcat Innovation still can take place in the garage: scanning tunneling microscope: Quantum Tunneling Across The Zero-Point Field.. That would be good if u can go back 2 CC Maybe u are tunneling a path 2 be there permanent Get remote x display working in linux without ssh tunneling Looked on badger site / They eat frogs! That's why badger / tunneling to my garden. (I got a problem) Get network versatility with SSH tunneling and netcat You may be able to talk one of your friends in the US who hosts their own website to help you with the SSH Tunneling option. Quantum Tunneling Across The Zero-Point Field.. Get network versatility with SSH tunneling and netcat: Vincent Danen explains how to use net.. web-based VPN still hosed, but re-installing XP seems to have fixed the desktop client. weird. secure tunneling stuff is freaky complicated Get network versatility with SSH tunneling and netcat ...... Get network versatility with SSH tunneling and netcat ........ Get network versatility with SSH tunneling and netcat ...... Get network versatility with SSH tunneling and netcat More than five million tonnes of material removed from under London by Crossrail tunneling contractors will be .. Are they trying 2 distance themselves from the sound & are tunneling in hopes of escape or does it inspire action? is surfing a remote local-only website locally by tunneling through an SSH tunnel that is tunneled out through a remote reverse SSH tunnel. says SSH is much better than using 80 for tunneling. (evil_grin) Now for that auto-IP Client Updater! (ya...
Store is decked out in Christmas decorations-but its still September! Didn't realize that Africa commercializes Christmas as much as the US! Epson Toyocom Commercializes Compact 32.768 kHz Crystal Unit with Wide Operating Temperature Range for Automoti.. Epson Toyocom Commercializes Compact 32.768 kHz Crystal Unit with Wide Operating Temperature Range for...
Feeling a little better, though I learned taking "silver" (like I am) can cause sum skin discoloring disease?! what'd u put me on? got the email today how mcdonalds food doesn't change after years no mold no discoloring...weird Ouch, I don't know what looks worse, this discoloring or the big ass hole in it. Wow, how did I get a bruise in the middle of my forearm? I don't even see any discoloring. Does that mean it's new or old? I feel sorry for those people who are willing to risk permanently discoloring their eyeballs just to extend their eyelashes. painting and discoloring my hair. the paper is in good condition only normal wear some discoloring and a few small tears on edge.
Wearing my Lettuce Wings :D Do not let the pressure get even a millimeter of your skin, and for no reason let it invade your senses.
Most refined oils still undergo the high temperature, high pressure, solvent extraction, bleaching, and deodorizing processes Deodorizing socks shield the wearer against bacteria and fungi that cause foot odour Deodorizing socks shield the wearer against bacteria and fungi that cause foot odour Deodorizing socks shield the wearer against bacteria and fungi that cause foot odour Your heath will profit greatly from wheat grass. Benefits include cleansing the blood, aiding with digestion and deodorizing the body. "AHH there's nothing deodorizing about THESE crystals!" I love the Fairly Odd Parents, especially when they're describing cat litter. :) Dungeness Ranch Baby Powder Dog Shampoo (16 oz.; B Pamper your pup with this gentle, deodorizing shamp Dog Totally Natural Deodorizing Spritz for P Deodorizing spritz with skin & coat conditioners eli Dog Watching Juno with and ..because of this movie I might have to deodorizing my inner thigh Deodorizing my house Contemplating a used HF ham rig...but it would require cleaning and deodorizing. Good price, bad smell. The Miracle of Baking Soda! for plant diseases, dental care, cleaning, deodorizing, cooking, soothing poison ivy, plumbing, crafts... The best thing is a Rapid Bath... they make a deodorizing shampoo for it that is perfect! It always smells great
I should have remembered that before saying what my "favorite's" were. it is now fixed. I commented on a YouTube video -- KNUCKLES!!!!!!!!! is awesome! and marble garden was always my favorite s... one of my favorite's Sonny with a Chance episodes are passing right now at disney channel, woohoo, it's gonna make my dream happier. I love disney movies too. My favorite's The Lion King, i wish they'd make more movies like that ones =D Paramore's cover of 'Use Somebody', my favorite's still Tiki Taane's. My two favorite on twitter...@migayesa <3! My favorite's 200th time's te chaaarm! Cooking dinner. On the menu tonight. Chicken & Broccoli Alfredo Pasta with garlic toast . One of Renee's favorite's Indeed....one of her favorite's! Thanks for checking it out! On my way to my mom's crib! My little lady cookin one of my favorite's for me! Won't be doing a september favorite's video because the video I am uploading in my five favorite products. cadenzaspoken : Favorite song at the moment: brick by boring brick - paramore. You?: cadenzaspoken : Favorite s.. We have all your Festive favorite's, some even served with a twist... So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? "Am thoroughly enjoying: FlashForward & The Good Wife. You?" lol today's my favorite's :) he's 18 lol . old ass . damn.... Wild Horses, Rolling Stones! One of my favorite's! Pandora I LUV you =) So Grey's Anatomy and Private Practice are definitely the best shows in the WORLD!! My favorite's for sure! If only a DPM, I will be a D.. So Grey's Anatomy and Private Practice are definitely the best shows in the WORLD!! My favorite's for sure! If only a DPM, I will be a D.. So Grey's Anatomy and Private Practice are definitely the best shows in the WORLD!! My favorite's for sure! If only a DPM, I will be a Dr :) More stars wish fans a happy Chuseok: More photos are coming out for Chuseok. Seems like many of our favorite s.. So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? - - Glee!! :D "I love that movie." Its one of my favorite's as well ;] I love The Good Wife, Glee & :) So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? The Good Wife, Melrose Place, Vampire Diaries. So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? Davan's line about yelling is probably my favorite S*P beat in months. Thanks for being awesome. ^_^ so far I like the middle with patricia heaton...hilarious!!! So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? Dollhouse. It's in it's second season but it's my favorite. . . .new t.v. shows. . .favorite's?----#FlashForward tonight. Every1 on blacks out for 2mins and dream of the future. So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? GLEE Paula GLEE! practically all of them:) So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's?> "Mercy" So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's?> "Mercy "So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's?" Trauma, Lie To Me(ok so it's not new) :) PaulaAbdul: So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? Glee is the best ever!!! Sooo funny! So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? I like You?? So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? (via So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? Melrose Pl., & My Antonio So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? COUGAR TOWN! So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? So many new t.v. shows that are out. What are your favorite's? do you watch the tv show Fringe? Starbucks, sushi and soup! My favorite S's of the day. I hope Thursday is treating you well. Tell me some good s words from your day! digg: Jawas Raid Death Star, Make A Fool Of Stormtroopers : The madcap adventures of everyone's favorite s.. ok. 5th person who favorite's october. i'm gonna believing it's a great month. we will see if he proves me right
Dark and rainy in Malate. Pepeng barreling towards Cagayan. Dark and rainy in Malate. Pepeng barreling towards Cagayan. Dark and rainy in Malate. Pepeng barreling towards Cagayan. I'll be thinking of the team when I'm barreling down the QE2. I'll do mental layup lines, even though we never did them. I'm barreling through website today... preparing for the big wedding (or of equal value) giveaway! so follow them/me! Either there's light at the end of the tunnel or a train is barreling down on me. Change of plans barreling down tonight our rrv pinot *a knock at the door him, he quietly rises, approaches the door, then throws it open, barreling over the mail-clerk... Three barreling my hair. Yes i'm that bored. Barreling down Alvarado St on LA public transit... Whee! Felt hardcore barreling down the highway blasting the 'greatest hits of mullet rock'. Big ol' bunch of rain barreling this way, so I'm going to sneak in a sail with this afternoon. I will be around on Saturday, working all day! The plan is to be barreling down some 08 reds. Stop in and say 'hi!' We got a fuckin HUGE storm barreling thru the city....and who gets to drive in it? ME. Shit Sombrio Storm Jacket - Women's: Barreling down singletrack loses its appeal in a downpour-unless you'r.. Sombrio Storm Jacket - Women's - Price: $79.99 (63% Off!) Regularly: $219.95: Barreling down singletrack loses its appeal in a .. Leaping "Oh Superman" type save by Tim Thomas on a John Erskine rebound attempt as he came barreling down the slot. Barreling a sparkling chardonnay Working out the Twitvid kinks while barreling down 290 at 80 mph. Bare with us. Or pray. Is it my responsibility to get out of the way of some douche barreling down the sidewalk with his face buried in his stupid ass blackberry? So congested ... saw a mack truck barreling down Broadway; needless to say I almost jumped in front but I thought: what about homecoming? we made it as far as KL from Vietnam where we were covering ketsana but then just missed flight & now super typhoon" barreling towards Phil Late night and barreling through. When do you work best? Sombrio Storm Jacket - Women's - Price: $79.99 (63% Off!) Regularly: $219.95: Barreling down singletrack loses its appeal in a .. Sombrio Storm Jacket - Women's: Barreling down singletrack loses its appeal in a downpour-unless you'r.. New blog post: Barreling Ahead: Oil tops $70, Defying Gloomy Predictions ok, must be up to no good.. cop car just went barreling past here EB, lights and sirens i am barreling through! Barreling Ahead: Oil tops $70, Defying Gloomy Predictions: Oil jumped If my group wins, break out the Krispy Kremes for 2 dozen. we ll be the convoy of rigs barreling up I 40! lol Barreling Ahead: Oil tops $70, Defying Gloomy Predictions Barreling Ahead: Oil tops $70, Defying Gloomy Predictions Barreling Ahead: Oil tops $70, Defying Gloomy Predictions - WSJ: Environmental | SkyGrid Barreling Ahead: Oil tops $70, Defying Gloomy Predictions: Oil jumped garp_erp: Energy News: Barreling Ahead: Oil tops $70, Defying Gloomy Predictions: Oil jumped Environmental Capital : Barreling Ahead: Oil tops $ Defying Gloomy ... almost got killed by a bag of cement falling off of a truck barreling down the road! Typhoon PARMA shoots up into a powerful Category 3 storm...barreling fast, closer to the Southeastern Coast of Luzon. Huge backup on 75 at Chrysler Rd from the construction. We were stopped and a car came barreling down on us. Swerved at the last second. The starbucks awning that just came barreling at, seemingly, my head me I can die now because I've seen it all. Two kids on skateboards barreling down my street, the second one holding a video camera. 35 mph at 2am no one wants to hear your loud ass muffler barreling down the street, doesn't make you look cool Now commercials have to explain what the word inadequate means. We're in an Indiana Jones mine barreling toward illiteracy. The 911 call was from a frantic passenger, trapped with family members in a runaway vehicle barreling down a Ca.. Sadly, still barreling through Outliers, five pgs at a time. But need the big font (old), so it's more like 1 pg at a time. Thanks to everyone who came to the Punk show! We're barreling ahead with the Haunted House this week. Tomorrow 1pm-7pm if you'd like to help 'It's not going to be a big crashing wave barreling towards the coast' - KPIC -
You're actually toweling off? Who is this Maria? Sweatiest Man in the World update: SMITW was spotted in gym parking lot, half naked and toweling off. Love you, SMITW, but that ain't cool! nothin better then getting outta the steamroom, toweling off your balls and listening to Easy Lover by Phil Collins.Morning twitter twats does india in neighbours only have 1 babygrow? They always have her in a white terry toweling one! Saw commercials director Vince Squib at the swimming pool, toweling himself down. Everyone's thinking it, no-one's saying it. "comes into the house after a swimming in the lake, toweling off her hair* I would like title of "Master of the Cocktails & general toweling off of the Ladies of the " - is the position taken? - Rally toweling after JRoll's RBI to tie 1-1. Growing a creepy Pool Cleaning Man moustache. It's the only way I can make this toweling headband & tight look right. Current game is over. The mystery was 'PAPER TOWELING'. There were NO winners. Leaderboard at The mystery was 'PAPER TOWELING'. Leaders at Congratulations to: The community picked T: [ PAPER TOWELING ]. 12 lives left. Reply with a single letter or answer. [BCFHJKQSUVXYZ] at times. 1 thing i dont like with a growing beard is toweling my face. Welcome to beardlife!! I guess my xbox freezing every hour means I should actually send in my xbox, instead of toweling it everytime *comes out of the kitchen toweling her hair and smiles Making drinks? I could go for a cup of tea and Silkie isn't here. *toweling off from a shower* Evermore a member of my team showed up to spar with me. He's earned two days off. *smirks proud* My Beagle (Alma) loves the toweling off after the shower... play time for her. Oh, I will see a lot of ahem straight things when I'm toweling them dry NOOO! You ain't laying a finger or a towel on Jasper. Let's just get that, um, straight. Um, I'll be toweling drying them... Um, I'll be toweling drying them... toweling off after the shower, i heard: don't stop believing, i am the walrus, and all she wants to do is dance. i <3 my hallway.
Decorative Fiberglass Roman or Greek Columns and Tuscan Capitals: Crown molding, window trim and door casing in.. Blow Molding Simulation Software provider Simulia Abaqus Deutschland GmbH updated website on HelloTrade Plastic Molding & Casting Machine Operator - 30741 Plastic Molding & Casting Machine Operator - 30741 just ripped up carpet and molding with SEARCH 10,000 architectural MOLDING profiles by width/thickness/projection/height. Luxury Details: Complete your room with molding, it extends a ceiling's height and is the finishing touch. And as she secretly stared at the sloping, sculpted shoulders molding into one a vicarious thrill from within trickled to her extremities. Finally getting carpet in the room in the basement next Friday. Room will be done! Except for molding and most seating..... New Listing - Best buy in Murphy Place - 217 Murphy Place Drive, 3 Bed, 2 Bath, Hardwoods, crown molding, custom cabinets - only $189,100 Just updated We added the crown molding to the great room, kitchen and dining today! i'm bending ur legs around ur head, molding u like clay thats soaking wet, ur skin tone matches mine, the whole house echoes ur cries... Chair molding is up, wife is happy, and nail guns are FUN Take a window out and put it back in and replace molding on my own? Don't mind if i do Guardian Industries is Hiring: Injection Molding Tool Mold Setter (Covington, GA) Should TrimLogic organize molding samples by similar profile type or by similar thicknesses? hmmm . . . these decisions haunt me. Violence is molding. Blondie asks, can I put crown molding in my rambler?: Here is the video reply. 8RyWlLe2UxE If you have a question for Adecco is Hiring: 3rd Shift Molding Technician (Apex, NC) Blondie asks, can I put crown molding in my I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "2 1/2 Primed Pine Chair Rail Moulding Molding Casing": I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "11/16 x 2 1/4 Colonial Primed Pine Window & Door Casing Molding": I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "3 1/2 Beaded Fluted Primed Pine Window Door Casing Molding Mouldi": I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "3 1/2 Victorian Primed Pine Window Door Casing Molding Moulding": I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "3 1/4 Colonial Base Moulding Red Pine Wood Molding": I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "Finger Joint Pine 3 1/4 Victorian Beaded Base Molding Moulding": I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "4 1/4 Primed Pine Colonial Base Molding Wood Moulding": I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "5-1/4 Primed Pine Beaded Crown Molding Wood Moulding": I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "5-1/4 Primed Pine Colonial Crown Molding Wood Moulding": I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "7 1/4 Primed Pine Beaded Base Molding Moulding": I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "3/4 x 7 1/4 Primed Pine Beaded Crown Molding Ceiling Moulding": - Kitchen thru to dining. crown molding lawl Molding grills on the southside of town...dixon rd shawty keepin niggas shining Dreams dont really break - its just that the molding of them sometimes Housing just finished putting the molding back on the walls... comin back later to paint. ... How to Install Crown Molding like a Pro | New from The basement finish project in Chantilly, VA is moving right along. We have installed all the base trim and crown molding. when they got there. Some of you need 2 give God some glory because He's delivering you IN the fire! God is right there... making & molding BLOW MOLDING/INJECTION MOLDING/FORM FILL & SEAL POSITIONS AVAILABLE: OH-Cincinnati, Kelly Services is currently.. Victorian crown molding is my taste/in florida where i stay/with 12ft high ceiling/dock my boat and I'm chillin Victorian crown molding is my taste/in florida where i stay/with 12ft high ceiling/dock my boat and I'm chillin BLOW MOLDING/INJECTION MOLDING/FORM FILL & SEAL POSITIONS AVAILABLE: OH-Cincinnati, Kelly Services is currently.. APPCRAFT-VideoTools: How To Cut a Vaulted Down Crown Molding Corner. Creative Crown: Cut a .. QA & Lab Manager, Intimates/Molding,station in PRC - Levin Human Resources Development Limited: Salary: Negotia.. Apprentice opp 2 grow w/ company Plastic set up exp a $9-$11hr depends on exp Molding Material Handler Able to lift 55 lbs Pam@ 3306261900 At work staring at an empty beige wall with no exciting crown molding. Zen has never been so close yet...so far. :( The office is just about done it just needs crown molding james!
u're "?" and twitter makes you feel like u wrote something today even though it was about 20 characters long,of course with too dramatize-,- can my dad dramatize anything & ppl believe him? talkin bout he went through a swamp& hid off the highway hidin from the cops lol Can't write anymore t'day. I got every homicide profile request, posting news....and I am supposed to jump back in and dramatize? You'd need an absurdist to dramatize a conv. bet. Palin & Qaddafi! Where's There goes Libyan President, there goes Iranian President There goes Zimbabwe and Hugo Chavez What else and who esle will dramatize the G20?
Resource Allocation;Throughout, decentralization remains a major theme Keen: Noting the decentralization of the media and the information we gleam from it nowadays. Generally, decentralization is antidemocratic. But Scot/Catalan etc assemblies may have been good way to stave off worse things I've gathered the decentralization of UB through your tweets and wanted to ask how that works. First, to Matt & book. "They are not new rules for a new economy, but new rules for propping up old economic interests in the face of massive decentralization." And open source implies decentralization, inclusivity, honoring each person's gifts, capitalization by the masses, but all share the results Ben Scott says 2 key issues in digital age: universal access and decentralization of content. Ben Scott / Free Press: notions of access to information networks, decentralization of media content breakthrough in Great Love the "decentralization" idea.Thanks for sharing. SWARAJ: self-rule, i.e. self-governance by individuals, community building and political decentralization (#definition) karen:alam mo ba ung decentralization?.local govt officials knows the local situation better than d national gov't. Read about Kraft's experience with decentralization and driving front line autonomy in this WSJ Resource Allocation;Throughout, decentralization remains a major theme Currently reading "Towards World Localization And Decentralization In Our Times" | Atlas Media Online at: Innovators RX Clayton Christensen - need for decentralization as a force to help health care afforadble (via CR: panelists discuss total student load & how decentralization could benefit public schools. Innovators RX Clayton Christensen - need for decentralization as a force to help make health care affordable What the Web really needs right now is another big wave of decentralization and federation-indexing, search and realtime msging for Space-based solar power is a totally stupid idea. It's centralizing something that's god's gift to decentralization. Gentrification, want to learn more ? Read this document called "Spatial Decentralization" Alexander Galloway, author of Protocol: How Control Exists After Decentralization will come to Brazil via event was great! I was interested in learning the term 'augment reality' and hearing more about 'decentralization' Decentralization and Human Development - The Gathering For Justice suggests "persuader". I thought "director of networks", or something else that speaks to decentralization Back from what wasn't a meeting at all. Yay decentralization combined with stupidity. Is google wave the beginning of the decentralization of social networking? Dominated his hour long presentation on a case study of centralization vs. decentralization... Key point.standardization vs.innovatin. . The best large company that has a combination of both is J&J... forced decentralization disruptive tech = decentralization = innovation At the TechPoint Summit lunch listening to Harvard's Prof. Christensen on decentralization. Even if Twitter is a fad, the point is that decentralization of communication, aka social media, is not a fad. That guy's wrong. "Search Engine Optimization" v.s. "Social Media Optimization": alternate centralization and decentralization in history
Believe me, I have fully utilized the talent ;). It's on schools & how they can be utilized in an educational setting. Great night btw, 1st time coming and I loved it! u askd for so many a4 sheets the other day.. y havnt u utilized thm yet?? 'American training will be utilized to kill Jews' he's still facts, that is all that is I could care less about his acting skills. We are all utilized by God 'American training will be utilized to kill Jews' Training received at current American-run courses for Palestinian militia will likely be utilized to kill Israelis Inability to access healthcare may result in alternative, less effective treatments, being utilized. Healthcare Reform. been on roster for a long time, just never utilized that was not the context utilized. Either way, I stand by my initial statment. Working you way to great success is fully attainable if the right strategies are utilized-bit.ly/3W9PeC Will American Training of PA Forces Be Utilized to Kill Israelis? Yeah he's a guest but not a "panelist" He's being under utilized and not getting to say much. 'American training will be utilized to kill Jews' Exploring Spaces on Mac. Never really utilized it & not sure if i'll find useful now but we'll find out! I really got the impression he hadn't utilized like you and I might, especially you. Right? FROM WND'S JERUSALEM BUREAU 'American training will be utilized to kill Jews' American training will be utilized to kill Jews 'when the day comes': Muslim gunmen issue actually only ~40% and that often comes with expense of having under utilized hardware and having to pay for it all (expensive) Just listed a super in Rush Valley, Utah. 1888 Brick home which was last utilized as a country store! 4 BR, 1 ba upstairs C skills have gotten slightly rusty. Haven't utilized them for maybe a year. Training received at current American-run courses for Palestinian militia will likely be utilized to kill Israelis If we live on uncooked food alone, we should be saving so much time, energy & money, which may be utilized for more useful purposes. ~Gandhi Training received at current American-run courses for Palestinian militia will likely be utilized to kill Israelis Audio And Web Conferencing: Audio and web conferencing are major two tools that are utilized in the modern busi.. Nebraska is good example of child nutrition programs under-utilized, and how much federal $$ could come in @ while a gd idea, the Park east is now under utilized esp w/Harley actually building museum on s.side Just utilized itunes to buy the EP - Fall from and it is phenomenal. Buy it. Now. If we live on uncooked food alone, we should be saving so much time, energy & money, which may be utilized for more useful purposes. ~Gandhi u were seeeriously under-utilized in that video! I knew we weren't using our prison population properly. They are the under-utilized assets of our economy. I knew we weren't using our prison population properly. They are the under-utilized assets of our economy. The Medical Quack: HIT -KP HealthConnect from Kaiser Permanente Utilized to Identify and Cut Attacks I have utilized the pocket trench more than once. However, I prefer slicing the bread and scooping out the fluff. Lunchmeat Cave I'm not sure I understand your question. Tearing down the Park East was a great move. It was highly under utilized. New from Bob Myers: Most under-utilized Bible verse ever my friday is not going to be utilized. i can't think of another way to say this besides "wasted friday" and that gives off the wrong idea... 49ers let-down factor addressed: 'Winners move forward, Losers sit and wallow!' -Mike Singletary; Simple concept, but effective if utilized. 'American training will be utilized to kill via
WESTSIDE: Git on over the the Daily Pint: 2310 Pico Blvd SM! Frank's trailer is serving up the savories til about 11PM! WESTSIDE: Git on over the the Daily Pint: 2310 Pico Blvd SM! Frank's trailer is serving up the savories til about 11PM!! WESTSIDE: Git on over the the Daily Pint: 2310 Pico Blvd SM! Frank's trailer is serving up the savories til about 11PM!! YUMMY! Just had a delicious meal catered by the wonderful Savvy Savories! I'm goi to have to check out their frozen meals. Mmm.. Ooooooh! I see why you wanted to postpone my arrival... you wanted the delicious savories all to yourself! Sunday-International Food Fair-homemade baklava, somosas, falafel, hummus and other savories. 11am-4pm Islamic Center on Lincoln Ave. Homemade pasta pesto,duck salad,lemon chess pie, fried sage savories; oh, my!! Tea and Savories: The Great Kayak Launch Trying to find a name for a restaurant.... Cravings or Savories Feedback plz fellas I bought a pumpkin. Because? They were inthe store for the first time and I love pumpkin foods! Especially the savories. NOM! Yum! My fav time of year! Love the spiced flavor combos in sweets and savories. Extra delish to enjoy outside w/foliage change! NumThree likes altoids, lemons, and japanese pickles. Little kids like savories, but this is ridiculous...
bought a Armored Sedan in bought a Armored Sedan in bought a Armored Sedan in OMG!! u r soo fine! Sigh.. 1 day I will b able to step up to ur level.... Show u 'somethin bigger than an armored truck' bought a Armored Sedan in K, so i rushed into the flames and i burned...I thought i'd armored myself properly...i was wrong! Hyundai Introduces Equus Long-Wheelbase, Armored Versions Armored Knight has completed "Canada: Explorer". AT: 10/3/2009 11:23 PM TRAFFIC ACCIDENT HIT & RUN AT 6900 N. MESA ST./WELLS FARGO ARMORED SERV.: POLICE ON SCENE OF EPPD) bought a Armored Sedan in AT: 10/2/2009 11:23 PM TRAFFIC ACCIDENT HIT & RUN AT 6900 N. MESA ST./WELLS FARGO ARMORED SERV.: POLICE RECEIVED OF EPPD) I enjoy Armored Fury mostly b/c of the story line. US is losing the war and fighting two armies in the states. Maps are sweet! GAME DAY! ARMORED IN GOLD! GO KNIGHTS! bought a Armored Sedan in Meritline: $3 OFF 10x40 rubber armored monocular: will be Armored in Gold Saturday. Go Knights! bought a Armored Sedan in bought a Armored Sedan in Just bought a Stealth Armored Supercar. bought a Armored Sedan in IM SO IN THE SKIN IM IN! IM SECURE ABOUT WHO I AM SO YOU CAN GO AHEAD TALK ALL YOU WANNA I BUILT UP A SHELL N ITS HARD N ARMORED Meritline: $3 OFF 10x40 rubber armored monocular There's a loomis movie coming out called Armored....wtf all th loomis guys I've met are mildly retarded.... bought a Armored Sedan in Just purchased 1 Armored Truck Just purchased 1 Armored Range Rover PLA armored vehicles rumble past ********* Square during the National Day parade Just purchased 1 Armored Truck Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car Messenger (Philadelphia, PA) Just bought a Armored SUV. bought a Armored Sedan in Armored vehicles roll down the street during a parade bought a Armored Sedan in bought a Armored Sedan in News: Armored Saint enter studio to record new album: Los Angeles' sons of metal, ARMORED SAINT, are set to ent.. Just bought a Stealth Armored Supercar. Umm Armored Dodge With machine gun mounted on back....wanna be my gunner? bought a Armored Sedan in Just saw some like armored ambulance in front of the band house. WTF is goin on? bought a Armored Sedan in Just bought a Armored Luxury Car. Armored Saint begin recording new album no jeeps baby, that was two generations ago..tee hee...we use BUFFALOEs now!!!! super armored cuz of IEDs ;) ;) Just purchased 1 Armored Truck Armored Core Championship Season 1 has ended: Brink's Incorporated is Hiring: Armored Car Messenger - PT (Charlotte, NC)
Why is that everytime I wash my car an obese bird diarrhea's on my car or I run through a sprinkler war zone?!?!
Craig Ferguson, man is this dude hilaraious... The whole aspect of his comedy is completely based brilliantly on randomization My Simple Techniques to lock down your Website - Goes over and Unique content spinner now has paragraph order randomization: (Feel free to retweet!) Randomization: <Newbie> The Newbie Trickster Loki says, "I don't like twitter in my google." MBP User right here. Hope I'll get lucky with the randomization :D at least that's what happened w/ me. who know's google' logic, could be some randomization after all that randomization today, my brain is done. DONE I TELL YOU!! - yeah,ive heard this in vista, is there anyway turn this off. ESX4 does randomization anyway...and MS will interfere with TPS. No lockups, but be aware of the memory randomization in 2k8r2 it's a mem-optimization feature kill M$ attack on VMW tactic Even thgh I've used for yrs, I may have to switch to over Z's lack of branching and randomization. New release: Approximation, Randomization, and Combinatorial Optimization. Algorithms and Techniques (Lecture Notes in.. New release: Approximation, Randomization, and Combinatorial Optimization. Algorithms and Techniques (Lecture Notes in.. Knoxville eMarketing Exchange post... Local Blog THE POSITRONIC BRAIN NEEDS A randomization ... Even though I've used for years, I may have to switch to over Z's lack of branching and randomization. Knoxville eMarketing Exchange post... Local Blog THE POSITRONIC BRAIN NEEDS A randomization ...
Maple Wood marsh/mud flap development has dispersed the lands natural biological community into more urbanized areas for foraging purposes Red-Tailed Hawks Seem to Just Love Urbanized San F Ideas for a Halloween Film Festival? (Yeah, how about an urbanized adaptation of The Graduate with a serial killer) SFCitizen: Red-Tailed Hawks Seem to Just Love Urbanized San Francisco Octo Full Red-Tailed Hawks Seem to Just Love Urbanized San Franci... - Urbanized Typeface: Nice idea to create a new digital font Jean-Marc Caracci is showing great images of urbanized people in EU house in TLN. pity, it is not shown after-hours. I have just been "Urbanized" after seeing him in Saskatoon; did you actually get to meet him? What was he like? "punk ass decepticon...any last words?" - Optimus Prime, transformers 2, new urbanized transformers "Urbanized." -Mr Mike and Rahnika Gas station didn't have American Spirits, so I bought a pack of cowboy-killers on the grounds that I'm pretty much urbanized. A new study with surprising results: some wading birds prefer urbanized tidal wetlands a friend: yea skype been being real hood lately.better act professional b4 u become urbanized like twitter <----LMBO!!! Urbanized Typeface Yamaguchi Takahiro Urbanized Font - PSFK Font72 Pasong Tamo Extension: Pasong Tamo One of the busiest street of one of the highly urbanized city in the philippines .. Urbanized font. A font developed by riding a bike equipped with a GPS in the tiny streets of Shibuya just heard what sounded like a six year old call another kid a "fucking cunt". yipes. these urbanized kids. . . Woohoo! Look forward to some new footage to educate the likes of my urbanized self. Really? I thought it was all totally urbanized. I've only ever been to NL, St. Pierre & BC though so I have no idea XD Creative project that used biking, GPS data and Processing to create a font: Yamaguchi Takahiro Urbanized Font - PSFK Urbanized Font: developed by riding a bike equipped with a GPS in the tiny streets of Shibuya Yamaguchi Takahiro Urbanized Font Reading : Yamaguchi Takahiro Urbanized Font - PSFK Love this stuff. For more look at Visual complexity. or read Paul Auster?! Yamaguchi Takahiro Urbanized Font Yamaguchi Takahiro Urbanized Font < - not the first version of a GPS derived shape I've seen, but ok Bike GPS Shibuya = Typeface Takahiro Urbanized Font <
thanks for the song on my voice mail. What a good little idolizer... Lmao!! I wonder if he posted his singles add yet?
American Nurses Association Awarded Funding To Boost Immunization Rates For Nurses And Public Great post on immunization & causation vs correlation Get the shots, dummy. [shivers] 7 shots in the morning for new school immunization requirements. Dreading the morning. Immunization Tip-Wise to Immunize! Learn more at send reminders 2 loved ones swine flu immunization yes or no? i'm not sure yet... American Nurses Association Awarded Funding To Boost Immunization Rates For Nurses And Public: The American Nur.. ANA Awarded CDC Grant to Boost Immunization Rates for Nurses and Public: Health News Tweet American Nurses Association Awarded Funding To Boost Immunization Rates For .. Fire trucks and shots make an unlikely pair through CO Children's Immunization Coalition program - Current IZ info - all in one place...SWEET Is leaving in less than 12 hours, hasn't packed, sore from immunization, and too excited to do anything about it..... It's ffffiiiiiinnnnee American Nurses Association Awarded Funding To Boost Immunization Rates For Nurses And Public: The American Nur.. American Nurses Association Awarded Funding To Boost Immunization Rates Fo.. New immunization guidelines cause schools to turn some students away: By CHRISTINA LANE Some East Texas schools.. Bracing for the bug (or pig?): Elgin hospital holds drills with free flu immunization in preparation for an H1N1 outbreak Fear the swine-flu vaccine is unsafe because it was rushed to production has many willing to skip the immunization & risk the virus. Duh! American Nurses Association Awarded Funding To Boost Immunization Rates For Nurses And Public: The American Nur.. American Nurses Association Awarded Funding To Boost Immunization Rates For Nurses And Public: The American Nur.. American Nurses Association Awarded Funding To Boost Immunization Rates For Nurses And Public: The American Nur.. Also many hospitals require anyone who works w blood & body fluids 2 have a Hepatitis B immunization. Yes, there are. Check out St.Luke's student Nurse immunization requirements: American Nurses Association Awarded Funding To Boost Immunization Rates For Nurses And Public for adults, the clinical studies are showing 1 immunization of H1N1 vax is good to provide effective antibodies in 3wks American Nurses Association Awarded Funding To Boost Immunization Rates For Nurses And Public: The American Nur.. ANANurses: ANA Awarded CDC Grant to Boost Immunization Rates for Nurses and Public: N/A AN.. Viral Rashes in Children Many Are No Longer Common Due To Immunization Cancer not immunization killed teen in UK. - Still sucks. Painless... Except the immunization Got me on both shoulders! If you want to know more about the fun: October Feature--Are They Up to the Challenge? Schedule for 7-18 Years sorry. all full up on anti-immunization crazy talk. ;) try next door. DISD immunization ANA Awarded CDC Grant to Boost Immunization Rates for Nurses and Public: N/A Schedule Persons Aged 0-6 Years feel bad for the kids...they have to get shots today...immunization Dateline Abidjan: National Immunization Day. Cote d'Ivoire has approx 40 cases of Polio annually. Helped immunize hundreds of children. Immunization.... I love needles!! (jk...) Technical Officer (Targeted Diseases & Immunization) Communicable Diseases Ukraine, Kiev Technical Officer (Targeted Diseases & Immunization) Communicable Diseases Ukraine, Kiev Adult Schedule check to see if you are up to date At a glance: New immunization requirements Updated recommendation from the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) for revaccination of persons... - Jacksonville: Clay County Seeks H1N1 Immunization Help Vaccination Is Not Immunization Vaccination Is Not Immunization gotta go and bring Alex to her pediatrician for immunization first. 'hope it won't rain. stay still typhoon Parma!
I am Vampire, our nature brings out animal qualities. Naturally fraternizing with you never see this. is fraternizing with the enemy tonight!!! ... is fraternizing with the enemy tonight!!! ... now that I've had my hour of ignorance (#rhoa)... back to constructive thinking, knowledge seeking & fraternizing w/twitt ... now that I've had my hour of ignorance (#rhoa)... back to constructive thinking, knowledge seeking & fraternizing w/twitter intelligentsia Fraternizing with the other frequent flyers Fraternizing with the other frequent flyers. ugh stop eating that vegan stuff.. you are fraternizing with the enemy >:[ No fraternizing on the yobmon! :} Stop fraternizing with me on twitter, Crawford. Just watch the Tigers on TV ... if you can find it. smh! fraternizing wit the enemies...worse thing 2 feel 4m "friends" fraternizing with the enemy again. wtf is wrong with me. No side will ever win the battle of the sexes, there's too much fraternizing with the enemy... Oh wow... and yeah, I heard them say at the PP tryouts that fraternizing with the players was a no-no Nobody will ever win the Battle of the Sexes. There's just too much fraternizing with the enemy. Whateva happened 2 no fraternizing @ work??? Tell me y 1 of our techs came up BEHIND me & hugged me round the waist & then LICKED my face! Womans Coalition** battle of the sexes this week. **Theres just too much fraternizing with the enemy** Nobody will ever win the Battle of the Sexes...There's just too much fraternizing with the enemy.~Henry Kissinger :) Nobody will ever win the battle of the sexes. There's too much fraternizing with the enemy. look biA you better quit fraternizing w. the enemy on Twitter before I have to cut you off! Pick your friends wisely lmaooo LE GASP. I fear I am fraternizing with the enemy. There be a Miles Macer in my theatre class. yeah they are annoying, go Steelers: I need to stop fraternizing with Cowboys fans I need to stop fraternizing with Cowboys fans. That's disgusting. No fraternizing in public you two, and get off my lawn! *shakes cane* Holy shit I just saw on the news that teacher was fired for fraternizing with the students correct No one will ever win the battle of the sexes; there's too much fraternizing with the enemy. ~Henry Kissinger Fraternizing with Ahmadinejad was bad enough, but Chavez may have really lost me with this one: No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There`s too much fraternizing with the enemy. - Henry Kissinger Boomerang is the EPITOME of why 'there shall be no fraternizing on the job at Concept'...keep that mess off Nobody will ever win the Battle of the Sexes. There's just too much fraternizing with the enemy. ~Henry Kissinger "Nobody will ever win the Battle of the Sexes. There's just too much fraternizing with the enemy." ~Henry Kissinger It seems the battle of the sexes will never be won---too much fraternizing with the enemy. LOL! It seems the battle of the sexes will never be won---too much fraternizing with the enemy. It seems the battle of the sexes will never be won---too much fraternizing with the enemy. Okay, Look. You know the rules. No fraternizing with serial killers on the internet. Go play on FaceSpace or whatever it is.. Fraternizing with celebs right now like and George waiting for with Jimmy pardo No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There`s too much fraternizing with the enemy. - Henry Kissinger No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There`s too much fraternizing with the enemy. - Henry Kissinger No side will win the Battle of the Sexes. There`s too much fraternizing with the enemy. - Henry Kissing ... served aboard USS Acadia in the 80's,it's not to bad with women aboard! exept for the shower
New Post: Re: Monetizing Producer Projects? - I know that people used to be paid to b.. New Post: Re: Monetizing Producer Projects? - I know that people used to be paid to be on twit but I'm no... Re: Monetizing Producer Projects?: I know that people used to be paid to be on twit but I'm not sure If any.. Re: Monetizing Producer Projects?: ads and donations are fine.if someone actually MAKES money, and doesn't .. Monetizing a niche social network - Monetizing Producer Projects?: Quote from: eugenefm on Today at 04:37:18 PM2. Who do you s.. re:SW Patents: It'd be interesting to see SWE's use The Cloud APIs to protect code, while monetizing and monitoring resuse. Re: Monetizing Producer Projects?: Quote from: eugenefm on Today at 04:37:18 PM2. Who do you share your profits.. Does anyone else feel like talk of Google Wave bots and "monetizing" it is ruining it before it's even out of the gate? Guest Adam Elend - Bright Red Pixels - Monetizing ... As I build my presence, I do plan on monetizing in some way, just not sure which approach I want to take. So I study & build Rushing replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimat.. Glad to see has sold out his twitter account. I can understand monetizing a blog but not a fan of twitter. Unfollow. I wonder if you could join forces with in her monetizing-the-hate Paul Rushing replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge For Automot Monetizing Producer Projects?: Adam's move to add a pay wall to the Drop got me thinking about how one woul.. Paul Rushing replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge Fo.. Paul Rushing replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge For Automot Monetizing Social Media, Tracking and Measurement...The final chapter! Zelinger replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ulti.. Philip Zelinger replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge For Auto Philip Zelinger replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge.. At the Banff Venture Forum listening to a talk about monetizing social media. So the LAT Book Fest bus is a way of monetizing your community-building services. Very I think indie bookstores can be the place for book communities. The trick is monetizing it (not to be crass). Really enjoy the free flow form of Podcasts- never know where its gonna go. and Matt stone discuss monetizing Internet, Free Find out how ku6 is monetizing video content - MeetInnovators: Find out how ku6 is monetizing video content - magazine online- lots of visitors and good writing I do bad monetizing (A National Summit on Journalism live > Paul Rushing replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge Fo.. Philip Zelinger replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge.. Paul Rushing replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge Fo.. Paul Rushing replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge For Automot Philip Zelinger replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge For Auto Paul Rushing replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge For Automot Paul Rushing replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge For Automot Philip Zelinger replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge For Auto Paul Rushing replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge For Automot Monetizing your is one of the fastest ways to earning money online. Placing ads in .. Monetizing the Internet is difficult. Customers expect it for free and have low transition costs....sorry, I was just on FB. Yeah, but I'm not a good businessman, so monetizing it isn't something I'm likely to do LOL on monetizing Twitter - looking toward businesses who are reaching customers in new, more efficient ways through Twitter. Monetizing your is one of the fastest ways to earning money online. Placing ads in .. Does Twitter have a biz plan? What's interesting is you see many entrepreneurs out there where 'monetizing' concept is secondary. Wow !congrats to apparently someone understood the link btw web design, traffic & monetizing.. Philip Zelinger replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge For Auto Paul Rushing replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge For Automot Philip Zelinger replied to Philip Zelinger's discussion 'Monetizing Social Networking Is The Ultimate Challenge For Auto
Diane Larbey of Wick, Littlehampton will appear at Mag. on 12th October charged with possessing 41 milligrams of cocaine. They should prescribe Bru in milligrams, not spoons. I just did a million milligrams of dxm...about to head into the And then I am going to bed with nine billion milligrams of benadryl and enough calamine to pass as a Pink Panther costume. depends on the milligrams. What is your dosage? So, one standard steak carries 250 mg (milligrams) of iron Depending on the type of steak and it's size 1:100,000 means 1 gram of a solution (which is 1000 milligrams or 1,000,000 micrograms) is mixed in 100,000 milliliters. 1:200,000 means 1 gram of a solution (which is 1000 milligrams or 1,000,000 micrograms) is mixed in 200,000 milliliters. try 1,500 milligrams of vitamin C every hour for 4 hours. It works for me 90% of the time. Directions from my doctor. u better pay attention ms lady, I don't want a nurse that can't calculate milligrams Each 140 word Tweet produces around about 20 milligrams of carbon emissions, alot when you consider how many Tweets there are per second. A glass of milk has 300 milligrams. "People who take 1,000 milligrams of C before giving a speech have lower levels of and lower blood pressures." Wikipedia-"Coca-Cola did once contain an estimated nine milligrams of cocaine per glass, but in 1903 it was removed."- Still fun to read! ;D I took 600 milligrams of ibuprofen 1 hour ago. Still much pain. What's my next option? Another 200 I guess i move like 80 milligrams of oxy... I'm to worry that my caffeine intake is going to have be measured in kilograms rather than milligrams. On a graph I had to plot a medicine dose of 4 milligrams for the first 50 lbs plus 2 milligrams for every 10 l Really? How many milligrams have you lost? :O Most canned soups contain a staggering amount of sodium. Federal health guidelines recommend you get less than 2,300 milligrams/day. The RDA for vitamin E is 8 milligrams a day for women & 10 milligrams for men : La Molina Gelatinized Maca, 500 Milligrams of Gelatinized Maca Pure per Tablet, 100 Tablets Try Green tea w/ a bit of honey. It has the lowest caffeine (only 15 milligrams) compared to over twice that for regular teas. that's just one probabably only a scant 1000 milligrams or so when you down six followed down witta foty now your livin! can't I take more than 1,000 milligrams at a time if the pills are CLEARLY not working! I think I need some more milligrams in my life. Tamiflu dosing warning issued for mix-ups between milligrams and milliliters And she takes 1000 milligrams! How is she not dead?! Oprah just said? "When is the last time you took a pill?" Answer..10 Minutes ago..Smh Tamiflu dosing warning issued for mix-ups between milligrams and milliliters I need 10 milligrams of Stat! the amount of milligrams in the vicodin is not good for me. i have never felt so sick in my life. "Emergen C has 1000% vitamin c" i'm going to assume she doesn't know the difference between milligrams and percent. I was like, "yeah you just cross multiply SEVEN & THEN THE MILLIGRAMS, is... yeah I sorry." "Emergen C has 1000% vitamin c" i'm going to assume she doesn't know the difference between milligrams and percent. OPRAH HAS NARCOTIC PILL ADDICTS ON. THEY KEEP REFERING TO 500 & 750 MILLIGRAMS. VICODEN IS HYDROCODONE & TYLENOL. ONLY 5mg IS NARCOTIC, OPRAH HAS NARCOTIC PILL ADDICTS ON. THEY KEEP REFERING TO "HOW MANY MILLIGRAMS" SAYIN SHE TAKE 500mg OF VICODEN. ITS REALLY 5mg 500mg TYLN OPRAH HAS NARCOTIC PILL ADDICTS ON. THEY KEEP REFERING TO "HOW MANY MILLIGRAMS" SAYIN SHE TAKE 500mg OF VICODEN. ITS REALLY 5mg VICODEN Google Wave is coming. My ADD medication may need a bump in milligrams Tamiflu dosing WARNING: Use "milligrams" I don't know how many thousand milligrams of coffee it is going to take to make me happy today but I believe in having goals. Good point. Many factors. Many. Haha! not the 1250 milligrams of caffeine you've had today? ;) yes I'd up the prozac up by 100 milligrams & a date with a priest (a la Thornbirds wouldn't go astray yes I'd go up the prozac up by 100 milligrams & a date with a priest (a la Thornbirds wouldn't go astray not the 1250 milligrams of caffeine you've had today? ;) Is down that long road to recovery... 10 milligrams at a time.... 40 milligrams, a 40 and I'm faded. This world is crazy so I stay medicated. 10 days x 3 capsules a day x 500 milligrams Amoxicillin=15 grams of Amoxicillin over the next 10 days.....
Co-crystallization and crystal soaking for MAD and SAD: no magic necessary i will say that i'm fairly sure the crystallization process of identity very young. possibly even before The Crystallization Process - At Math Class...& my crystallization experiment with salt... Hahaha everywhere...please watch it..:D A work of is the not the crystallization of inspiration but the meeting place of creativity, practice, and society. Expression, purification & crystallization of FGD1 [Rv0407] using a Mycobacterium smegmatis expression system. [PMID:17376702] i don't think twitter requires cramming. it requires clarity. crystallization even. FREE Anti-Solvent Crystallization Process webinar tomorrow Writing two pages on crystallization and filtration. Do you care... ? I don't either. 2008 Ca del Solo Albarino: tangy, zippy & briney paired with shrimp. 12.8 ABV. Sensitive crystallization label makes for good table talk. Poetry has to do with the crystallization of the imagination. --- William Carlos Williams Checking out Vadim's page on LCP-based membrane protein crystallization: New mineral superstructures via polymer-controlled crystallization (nice images!) Fuck it. Setting a goal for myself. Don't necessarily need to tell all of you, but thanks to for the accidental crystallization. The Crystallization Process
'Michael D Bogle (29) DUII (A Misdemeanor).. Judge withholds ruling on misdemeanor trespassing 'Stephanie Patricia Johnson (20) DUII (A Misdemeanor), RECKLESS DRIVING (A Misdemeanor).. Cross (37) POSS COCAINE (C Felony), FL REG SEX OFF FEL (C Felony), TRESPASS II (C Misdemeanor).. 'Michael Anthony Bugarin (30) COERCION - DV (C Felony), MENACING - DV (A Misdemeanor), UNLAW USE WEAPN DV (C.. ... 'Angela Victoria Navarro (36) HARASSMENT (B Misdemeanor), ASSAULT II (B Felony).. 'Michael Irving Morris (45) RESTRAIN VIOL (U Misdemeanor).. 'Zachery James Tanner (22) ATT POSS METH (A Misdemeanor).. 'Angie M Polan (22) THEFT III (C Misdemeanor).. 'Amy L Hummel (25) THEFT III (C Misdemeanor).. Piehl (54) DUII (A Misdemeanor), RECKLESS DRIVING (A Misdemeanor), ASSAULT IV (A Misdemeanor), CRIM .. ... 'David Richard Carnagey (33) THEFT III (C Misdemeanor).. 'Timothy G Edwards (49) THEFT II (A Misdemeanor), ALCOHOL PUB PROP (U Misdemeanor), THEFT OF SERVICES 4 (C .. ... 'Charles Eugene Bernbeck (47) DISORDERLY COND 2 (B Misdemeanor), ALCOHOL PUB PROP (U Misdemeanor).. 'Jose Clarospereira (38) THEFT II (A Misdemeanor).. 'Ilya G Trus (19) THEFT III (C Misdemeanor).. 'Benjamin Theodore Reed (40) DISORDERLY COND 2 (B Misdemeanor).. 'Terrel Barr (34) POSS COCAINE (C Felony), DWS/REV MISD (A Misdemeanor), PAROLE OR PPSV VIOL (U Felony).. 'Jarret Takeshi Sheehan (18) THEFT III (C Misdemeanor).. In my hometown, "He needed killin" is a valid legal defense. Misdemeanor shooting into occupied clothing and littering... 'David Ray Braget (43) THEFT II (A Misdemeanor), TRESPASS I (A Misdemeanor), POSS METH (C Felony).. 10/2/2009 9:19:01 PM: NARCOTIC VIOLATION MISDEMEANOR-0 BLK TESORO CREEK RD, TC I just got a misdemeanor, I'm officially a rebel. Wow, a beard and breaking the law, it's like a whole new me and yea shit worked out for me, i dont see no PO, all charges dropped, stuck with weed misdemeanor, and resisting arrest, 'Andrea Ann Sohappy (28) THEFT II (A Misdemeanor).. 'Stanley Scott Seidel (43) THEFT III (C Misdemeanor).. 'William Bradley Oconnell (32) DWS/REV MISD (A Misdemeanor).. 'Joshua Lee Ennis (31) HARASSMENT - DV (B Misdemeanor), INTERFER MAKE (A Misdemeanor).. 'Joseph Lee Hahn (36) TRESPASS II (C Misdemeanor).. 'Jeffrey Calvin Miller (55) MENACING - DV (A Misdemeanor).. Dylan Glass (39) INDECENT EXPOSURE (U Misdemeanor), DISORDERLY COND 2 (B Misdemeanor), OFFENS LITTER.. ... Jeffery Bittner (35) INTERF W/PUB TRANS (A Misdemeanor), DISORDERLY COND 2 (B Misdemeanor).. 'Salvador Chavarriahernandez (36) DUII (A Misdemeanor), RECKLESS DRIVING (A Misdemeanor).. Dad Sentenced to 150 Days for Circumcising Sons - A Carolina man convicted of misdemeanor child abuse after c... I miss you nina misdemeanor! LoL <--Frannie I gave her the memo about us coming out there. Spades game maybe??? 'Frank Lester Schnedler (30) THEFT III (C Misdemeanor).. 'Paul Ottis Hudson (18) THEFT I (C Felony), MENACING - DV (A Misdemeanor).. 'John Wesley Ellett (51) THEFT II (A Misdemeanor), THEFT II (A Misdemeanor), THEFT II (A Misdemeanor), POSS.. ... 'John Paul Lunde (34) THEFT II (A Misdemeanor), FUGITIVE (U Felony).. 'Christopher Jack Casias (23) RESIST ARREST (A Misdemeanor), RESIST ARREST (A Misdemeanor).. "Tha way she dick kiss should b a misdemeanor, but have u seen her?!" - Weezy F. Hung jury in Kirsten Dunst stolen purse case: James Jimenez was convicted Friday of a misdemeanor count of crim.. Dad Sentenced To 150 Days For Circumcising Son: A Carolina man convicted of misdemeanor child abuse after.. 'James Muprhy (42) THEFT III (C Misdemeanor).. Let people be themselves he didn't rape anyone or molest a child like Roman Polanski or anyone or commit a Felony nor a Misdemeanor 'Gregory Mckim Casella (36) STRANGULATION - DV (A Misdemeanor), MENACING - DV (A Misdemeanor).. 'Brandon Steven Ash (26) THEFT III (C Misdemeanor).. 'Josue Tafollarenteria (30) THEFT II (A Misdemeanor).. 'Glenn Dawayne Eckhout (50) INTERF W/PUB TRANS (A Misdemeanor).. 'Cesar A Hernandez (21) BURGLARY I (A Felony), RESIST ARREST (A Misdemeanor)..
Oshkosh Awarded Order for HEMTT and PLST: Heavy Expanded Mobility Tactical Trucks and Palletized Load System Tr..
It's seven 10 milliliter samples. TEN MILLILITERS! That's not even a sample -- that's like a full-blown perfume serving.
i know georgia has been playin better since Osu , but dont u think you are showing your alma mater a little favoritism?? do not show 2 the poor or favoritism 2 the great./Do you really think Jesus doesn't want you 2 help the poor? Man who give a f*ck?! Plus that doesn't make sense to do that anyway, why hold a contest just to show favoritism? My being in October could be a factor of my favoritism too. Gaining an hour of sleep is also a plus, don't you think? Oceanup keeps saying their neutral & don't show favoritism in their posts... really? Then why the hell are you giving out Selena's cd? The Prez of a country showing up to influence a worldwide event? If US did win- crys of favoritism would abound!! Ok...now that the 2009 Lookbook thing has broken the seal on favoritism at the Lab, can Philip get some decent prim hair now? "God does not show favoritism. (Romans 2:11)" Sound familiar? Consider the implied flipside: God does not show criticism. Ever! Only love! Look, Kev...can I call you Kev? We both know its for show and you dont want to show me favoritism, but let's get real. I won't tell. favoritism? yep, i have firsthand experience. may favoritism ba si georg sa pag sasayaw? (Baka gusto mag dance with the stars ksama si bill) :D Next topic: "The Problem with Favoritism." When was the last time you heard someone speak about Favoritism? Do you think it is a "problem"? What Zodiac Sign Is Most Likely To Show Favoritism Between Their Children? What Zodiac Sign Is Most Likely To Show Favoritism Between Their Children?: This is just for $h!ts and giggles .. What about favoritism towards other employers? What do you think of WP's Twitter rules: nothing "reflecting...favoritism" I know its not Friday but I'm fast approaching 500 people I'm following. Who would you recommend? If you're worried about favoritism, DM me! Why do you to your crazy, nutso fans!? I'm not nutso and you haven't me once. Way to show favoritism to the whackos. Oceanup misses me off. So they'll do a post on Selena's album being released but not Miley's EP? Their blatant favoritism sucks bkit ba ngiging bitter lahat ng tao? sa chatbox, sa shoutbox, sa lahat?? puro may favoritism, kkbadtrip. Whatever happened to favoritism is bad? :( Isn't it what's inside that counts? Really? how did get off the hook? Bloody favoritism... Google Places Stokes Favoritism Concerns: Is Google favoring its own content in search results? Hahaha. My favoritism toward Brad is Simon's fault isn't it? *sigh* My answer for you: Dana. Have you been showing mankind mercy today? Remember that favoritism is one of those forbidden fruits. James C-2:v13. Re: Interesting thread at DT about refusals, take a look (favoritism??) What is the one thing you can't stand about today's society? - I have many, including racism, favoritism,... Are we as good as we say we are? Have we done what was right? Compared to others are we held in favoritism by God? i'll be your bff. college is boring, anyway. but could you have a reality TV show... to avoid accusations of favoritism? that is one of the most realist answers i have ever heard b4. u kept it real..lol..didnt show no favoritism... How old r ya??lol So stating a dislike of Notre Dame isn't "favoritism that could be used to tarnish our journalistic credibility?"
Maximum PC Primer: Lightweight Netbook Computing with Linux Outsource Medical Billing: A Way To Gain Maximum at: Have we reached a tipping point? 5 of the last 6 years have shown the greatest maximum sea ice extent in the Antarctic since satellite r ... Dad of 7 receives maximum sentence: She never made a friend. No one ever came over to her house to play and she.. Maximum PC Primer: Lightweight Netbook Computing with Linux: Ronald Isley-tax evasion..bummer.Freaky the maximum sentence he*could*have got was 26 years!for tax-evasion..? i like my women like i like my animals...slaughtered inhumanely for maximum flavour. my dad told me he will cook at 7pm. im fucking hungry to the fucking maximum man. okay okay. 10 is the maximum no. pages right? or that's the minimum? omg. wut. MFC 22 Results: Travis Lutter managed to beat Jason MacDonald via unanimous decision at Fridays Maximum Fightin.. event name summary Maximum people:12 Am living my life to the maximum I found a great tasting protein shake. It's called Maximum Protein. Tastes better than any I've tried. Maximum Potency ACAI Berry ==> Caravanning in cornwall, maximum chill time! Iyahhh HAWT super maximum yahh! Nice ass too!lol Lo?? Blom liat aksinya megan fox dong?? :p Percaya ... hi ankit i want to purchase a brand new nokia /sony phone with maximum multimedia features. but my buget is upto maximum 3,000/- Create Compelling Salescopy The MAXIMUM Number of Visitors Into Paying Customers, Even If You're NOT a Writer! Maximum Raspect to all massive and crew. Mr. Pato Banton in LB Oct 10 For maximum versatility in a space, use solids and textures on your upholstery pieces, and add interest with... and I sincerely hope Vettel takes maximum points off Jense today, even though the championship is all but over. PTs Talent. - Use everyone's talents to the maximum ability for your company.... Bombay or Mumbai. It still remains the maximum city. test Maximum Count: 5 posted on October 3, 2009, 4:07 pm checking promotion Maximum Count: 5 posted on October 3, 2009, 4:07 pm One player just got maximum points by finding the mystery phrase first - you can do it! haha lamee!! iSpend half hour in there maximum but my mum said iAint gta go now jus luk after Tia Bosen to the maximum One player just got maximum points by finding the mystery phrase first - keep trying! One player just got maximum points by finding the mystery phrase first - don't give up! F1 News: Kimi: Ferrari achieved their maximum Appreciating the convenience of my router going belly-up on a holiday right before Sunday. Maximum time 'til possible replacement achieved. VA-80s Maximum-3CD torrent [phantombitz com]: You are required to register at to downlo.. - The vehicle runs on an HDi diesel engine with maximum torque of 280 lb-ft with peak 160bhp. It gets to a speed ... One player just got maximum points by finding the mystery phrase first - you can do it! Jason MacDonald loses in return to Maximum Fighting Championship: MacDonald (21-13) appeared in MFC 2 through 1.. Maximum Potency ACAI Berry ==> I unlocked the Maximum Firepower achievement on Castle Crashers! I have a driving lesson (12-2) for the first time in three months. Watch out Sheffield/Rotherham pedestrians, I'm aiming for maximum points! think i wont be able o watch Maximum Groovity.. waaaaah!!! i hate it.. :( One player just got maximum points by finding the mystery phrase first - keep going! i love madeline rosetta foletta feisty zex webb to the maximum extreme, but i do wish her name would stop growing. ... Rubberband snaps at its maximum. One player just got maximum points by finding the mystery phrase first - lots of points still available! Uhm, reading maximum ride 2 again, and again, and again -,- maximum sustained winds of 175 kph and gusts of up to 210 kph. One player just got maximum points by finding the mystery phrase first - don't give up!
For those who wondered about my killing jar tweets, I finished them this morning: complete with ethyl acetate. i have acetate with me today Randa! :) - Dell Vaugn - RARE acetate on Bell Records Vinyl Rockabilly acetate is the chem cousin of Glutamate, substance in MSG to cause neurotransmitter problems. None for the kids! acetate is the chem cousin of Glutamate, substance in MSG to cause neurotransmitter problems. None for the kids! Dresses are repaired. WOOT! Gads, I hate sewing black acetate. So hard to see. okay I like those circles ... but ... try non-acetate mixed tocopherols for a few weeks and tell me what happens Lunch: Fat free hot dogs (w/plutonium, acetate & erythorbate left in) w/fiber-boosted buns, honey, & NJ air-enhanced rice cake. Chemistry! Keeper Of The Remote!: Quilted Acetate lipstick red Tele-Queen TV Pajamas by Nu-Mode Lingerie with white piping.. Cyproterone acetate is an anti-androgen and helps suppress the male sex hormones - read more Well, it is pretty bad, little glass jars w/ plaster at the bottom, add ethyl acetate, makes fumes, kills the insects. The kids are blowing B'LOONIES. Ahh yeah the smell of poly vinyl acetate & ethyl acetate in the morning. Fun with Sodium Acetate [Pregnancy]The Regestrone tablet contains Norethindrone acetate and this is in combination with estrogen like hormones will help inducing pe last time I saw a dubplate played out was DJ Storm - lots of dubstep djs play acetate. BUT YOU COULD MAKE SODIUM ACETATE! Printing on acetate is a bloody pain! It makes my invitation look weird and the ink takes forever and a day to dry. >>; I am sick and tired of hydroxide dihydrogenphospate acetate perchlorate ammonium hydrogen carbonate acetaldehyde magnesium acetic acid The purpose of this lab was to prepare synthetic banana oil (isopentyl acetate) and analyze it using gas chromatography.....Blah. The purpose of this lab was to prepare synthetic banana oil (isopentyl acetate) and analyze it using gas chromatography. Strangest question from a boss: "do you have any acetate, nail polish remover, or tequila on you?" New Splitcoaststampers tutorial technique with acetate, Paint Dabbers and Archival Ink Thanks, Beate! Jaques Piaget Italy Designer Autumn Fall Acetate Scarf - looks like the acetate film on a typical poster frame is easy enough to draw on. might try taping a piece to the cintiq. -Angela, how you say SOB in Spanish? -Why? -This SOB Sodium acetate -LOL headed to to look at inks to print on acetate (film strips) Strangest question from a boss: "do you have any acetate, nail polish remover, or tequila on you?" that's a bogus acetate is what it is folks Copolymerization of Vinyl Acetate with Ethylene by Palladium/Alkylphosphine?Sulfonate Catalysts: Shingo Ito, Ka.. Introducing the Bio-Star 90071, 80% biodegradable! Cellulose acetate and conforms to DIN EN Ooh I think that there is Sodium Acetate. I could make it but I don't know if there's time. I'm checking out the link...THANKS the only thing is they all seem to contain phosphate & we don't have that... :( but I'll give you a link for the sodium acetate one so I think I found a buffer we can make that has a pH of 6.8, for AP Bio. Do we have Sodium Acetate??? I think I saw it, but I aloquated 250-2mg/vial GHRP-2 Acetate with GREEN TOP's for Oct. 11. I like the different color tops. 45% off Cole Haan Women's Large Square Acetate Frame Sunglasses with Leather Block @ New sale: DIESEL DZ5164 LADIES BI COLOURED ACETATE BANGLE WATCH My candy apple boxes minu the acetate and ... Well... The apples :) I think they came out pretty niiiiiice :D I am sooo tempted to make my own sodium acetate WHO WANTS TO HELP? YES! I finally have my Dangerous "Bonus Cuts" acetate! Waited for this for YEARS! knows the ionic charge of acetate, the chemical structure of bicarbonate, and the polarity of water... maybe i'm ready for the chem exam? "We're running on acetate gas now, viewer." Whew ethyl acetate is strong!!! 45% off Cole Haan Women's Oversize Acetate Square Sunglasses with Logo Plaque @ Avoid Ethyl Acetate: neurotoxin, nervous system toxin, carcinogen, irritant in nail polish, mascara, tooth whitening, perfume Todd Klein explains acetate half-tone screens in pre-computer days , which I never understood before now: 45% off Cole Haan Women's Square Acetate Frame Sunglasses with Roping @
Gotta go 2 my cuzzys wedding in 2 hours but i just got up & feel like i been eating sand - Will Hackney Town Hall Be able 2 take my fam? Hmm Doug has just seen a crow outside, drinking beer from a discarded can! Bloody Hackney, even the birds are alcoholics / Project Workers - Hackney, London - THAMES REACH Hackney are putting up xmas lights, do they always need to do it on a Sat and the buses off the narrow way ... Looking forward to Hackney... Busy busy... You can find us today at the following markets, Richmond, Kingston, Hackney, Putney and of course our shop in Norbiton...gr ... Our Hackney P-Walk map is ready for your viewing pleasure. Hope to see some of you on the 11th... Colin Buchanan's urban designers give their view on a new music academy in Hackney into the welcoming arms of Hackney - you're one of us now On way to Wadham College, Oxford, for farewell dinner to Jeff Hackney, my law tutor. New post: Hackney's Black History Month launches today Getting my zombie on for the ride from heathrow to hackney Hackney (Englewood) posted an aerial photo: (aerial, airstrip, bacchusmarsh, tvsa, ybss, airfield, aerodro ... I love Hackney,Bermondsey,Stratford, Peckham, and Brixton! . I love Hackney,Bermondsey,Stratfird, Peckham, and Brixton! Hackney City Farm hackney poker sessions, red wine, bill callahan, good times Getting a ruben sandwich (@ Hackney's Printer's Row in Chicago) Man, it PAYS to know someone who KNOWS computers. Mad props to Bryan "Hack-Master" Hackney for spankin' this PC issue in a pinch! Do you guys have these shows over there? America's Craziest Police etc. etc. ? I'm sure this is filmed in Hackney. Madness's collection of love-poems to London 'The of Folgate' p'formed @ Hackney Empire on BBC4 & iPlayer. EVERYBODY! Madness's collection of musical love-poems to London 'The of Folgate' p'formed @ Hackney Empire on BBC4 & iPlayer. Hackney Wiiiiiiiiiiked blud of Folgate on BBC4 - great stuff. good as ever @ hackney empire. A year ago I was in Darjeeling. Now I'm in Hackney. Our Hackney PhotoWalk route map is up and ready for your viewing pleasure. Hope to see some of you on the 11th... Hackney PhotoWalk route map is now up! Watching bbc4 "madness night" currently featuring "the of folgate" concept album, performance recorded at the hackney empire! What-ho yourself. If by Rialto you allude to Hackney, then the news on it is that it was gridlocked with yours truly in its midst innit...Glassworks in angel is aite!its turned into a hackney-islington-tottenham mandem hang out tho!lol i thought only shops like that in hackney - then again it cant be hackney, it doesnt say internet access and money xchange also! This is the monstrosity I have to put up with in Hackney!It wasn't only a couple,a third was sitting down infront! welsh D cross coloured - Horse Hunter: Hansome welsh D cross coloured hackney gelding. Good comformation and ve.. Flee Lucy, Flee & hail a hackney! I FEARE your Topham has nefarious thoughts on his minde! First flat on Hackney road now dust off those dancin shoes! yo!I'm bless!nxt ldn show is 14thnov at hackney empire!u lot shud roll! First flat on Hackney road now dust off those dancin shoes! Thankyou very much! I've returned the follow (464 now;) and look forward to seeing your tweets from Hackney! a very nizzy thxgiving!! haven't seen my hackney.tethered sister in like 2 yrs! princeton will be VIBING. / Project Workers - Hackney, London - THAMES REACH I've got one in Hackney and one in Abney. Biodiversity Officer: This is an to create and develop Hackney's Biodiversity Action Plan (BAP).. ----- GRAPHICS: ----- HACKNEY: -----BARRELS OF OYSTERS:
Leaf Peakers: Autumn's Golden Hues are fabulous in the Berkshires this weekend. Reds are not too far behind. Look out for blues on the road. I want Fabulous! That is my simple request. I need something inpiring to help me get along. I need a little fabulous, is that so wrong? Fabulous Fabulous Saturday... good food, great company, fabulous outfits and monte carlo evening YEAH!!!! Alright, off to walk down the yellow brick road. If anyone needs me, direct tweet me :o) Have a Fabulous day! good morning...have a fabulous weekend everyone :) U got to go?! Congrats hun that is fabulous..just what twitters needs, two grinning gig going loonies.. he he ;-) xoxo Penrith Store Manager $43K Super - Fabulous Homewares Brand!: NSW-Penrit.. I don't sew yet, but your fabrics are so fabulous that I'll have to my new bed is constructed. & it was a lot lot of work but it was it. it looks so fabulous! eh how come Kim Bum Bum is trending!!! let me know why? something fabulous happened to him?? I'm finally coming too after a fabulous bout of nasty flu.ouch. False alarm about the Olympia.changed their minds at the last minute. ?? Doh Happiest Gwen!!! Thank you for inspiring me all these years to find my best self. I hope to be 1/2 as fabulous at 40!! <3 Um, yum much? Love oreos ... can't imagine it being pared with cupcakes! FABULOUS! : ) I have an unexpected, almost full day off, with only THREE status calls and the weather sucks....fabulous Looking forward to sharing my story with some fabulous Ladies today! Enjoyed meeting Exec chefs @ the Marble House in RI last weekend. The new book is fabulous! How to buy? Just got some fabulous new clothes :D Wow! Congratulations on your Elevenses! Have a fabulous Anniversary. :) xoxo fabulous ... you have a great weekend too!! : ) fabulous ... you have a great weekend too!! : ) loves her husband (@gravmania) for giving up his hobby room so I can have a fabulous home office luv to fabulous people: <3<3 At the wedding. Looking fabulous. Thank you I just created a poll: "Which is more fabulous?" You should vote: Fabulous Petite Cuisine kitchen set now in stock! I LOVE she's AMAZING,WONDERFUL,FABULOUS! PERFECT! is loving might I suggest you watch this fabulous new series!! Have a fabulous weekend everyone, hope you enjoy a break. I'm heading to the beach this morning. Doin open surgery/performance of Mussorgsky Pictures monday in the fabulous Cardiff Hoddinott Hall: Ravel can't hide the dark Russian! Thanks for your gorgeous comment and for the blog post, is one of our fabulous stockists x. On my own private boat tour around Capri, drinking some fabulous wine with the best girls ever. Love my life. Heading down to the Coaast! Ready for a fabulous night (^_^) thanks to fabulous evening at shunt last night Good morning 'Early Birds'... Jim and (Michela welcome!) Have a fabulous Saturday all day... ;-) yeah fabulous! That is fabulous!! Xx Fabulous yesterday, Lucky7 and Housekeeper rocking!! Tonight: Roccadero meeting and maybe Ultraschall :-) CYA - My fabulous bang is always in the way fabulous night Bex, thanks so much,, Everyone loved you. Looking forward to Walsall now.yay!!!!! our flyers are fabulous and full of festival info, you'll be seeing them around the city soon our flyers are fabulous and full of festival info, you'll be seeing them around the city soon Having the most gorgoeus lazy morning, and don't want to leave the house (even for a fabulous haircut!) been working all morning (not fair). thank goodness for jeanette coming down, will be spending the rest of the day doing fabulous things :) Ck Out My Fabulous $1.00 SUPER JEWELRY SALE on NOW! Bout leaving the redemption camp. Had a fabulous time wit my creator. Lagos here I come [LA Times: The Fabulous Forum] - Poll: Can the Dodgers hold off the Rockies?: ... the Colorado Rockies on Frida.. Ok I'm tardy, but Saltoun Supper Club was unutterably fabulous on Thursday: delicious, gorgeous, friendly, fun fun fun Ck Out My Fabulous Peace sign Jewelry in my store! Bout leaving use redemption camp. Had a fabulous time wit my creator. Lagos here I come thx 2 Thanks for the you guys are fabulous!
Also, the the biggest single ameliorative for that is But here's a helpful site:
: hari ni hari sabtu, sumer owang jd hantu, yay!!! ... open ahhh! as if lelaki sumer tak tau aper maksud period. LOLLL. Now its October and the temp is below 100 degrees. Sumer heat has let go and it is time to head for the mountains sumer honey, you have a shrine for that goes beyond the definition of "devoted"... *giggles*... just sayin' last Iconoclast Sumer: History, Creation, Gods & Goddesses (Jay-Z as Dumuzi, Rihanna as Inanna) Latest Iconoclast show: Sumer - History, Creation, Gods & Goddesses can't wait for camp rock 2, im 17 in college and what i look forward to 4 next sumer is camp rock 2 funny. huge fan of ur music 2. well lets hope i can find a way there. bc i want to see my long lost friends. itll be like sumer 08 all over again very nice I've wanted to go all sumer yup! I go every summer to england and italy I live 2 hrs from Venice so I go often but I didn't got this sumer obviously :( and thanks ehh kawan2. semalam Attica, niarie DblO, abeh besok RAV. sumer without aku. sheesh. Falling asleep in class. Its so cold damnit. I wish sumer wasn't ending.. I hate being cold. of course it's not Sumer. Sumer doesn't even exist anymore. But it's not sumer... Ha, that's why I have typos in there ;-) - announcement of winner of host city for 2016 Sumer Olympics at 12:30 pm EST. Marketing & Sales: Social media marketing (Coachella, CA): to a pro-sumer musician community... Will make sure it's halal too. No 3 little pigs ni sumer. GUA just made and ate lamb kebab with pita bread, instant teh tarik and having pistachio ice cream for now..jemput makan sumer... Fate fell this time, smile fades in the sumer, place your hand in mine, I'll leave when I wanna... ..."Sumer is icumen in..." for the minute we have an indian sumer hye sumer..komem my new pic ek........ ... Yesss!!...I just got my HARD sumer fest refund today...nxt up Monster Massive! n get ready u shld come too hye sumer..komem my new pic ek....... ... I favorited a YouTube video -- Playahitty - The sumer is magic babe tak baik..jgnla gini..sumer bawak ur other half la... =( Mad mail 2day with these colleges lol......guess good sumer paid off lMfAo Sweet Sumer! How thou??? Good to see you! Save me!! My brain is about to explode. Why must I endure studying this shizz? Will I need to rmbr who ruled Sumer & Akkad in 5 years?! :-( the sumer olmpics will be cnstructed by union labor,unions bring workers dcent wages penson's that a decent retirmnt beter economy _cruising around with sumer & yaya. :) shes a crazy driver. god used freedom when he stole his stories from sumer and akkad. :( I got stiffed really insanely bad at the beginning of sumer, and it really set me back. haaaaaais. nobody to layan online. member sumer layan bantal ar. Sumer- History, Creation story & special comment on pop icons Rihanna (Inanna) and Jay-Z (Dumuzi) WOW yeah, or 500 days of sumer lol only joking (Joseph <3). yeah, or the invention of lying? Congratulations to our fabulous and stylish client, Michelle Salater of Sumer, LLC, who will be speaking at Queens... Website Design: hello sir this is sumer here I have two years experience in web designing I will provide you be.. 99 red baloons floating in the sumer sky panic bells it's red Trying to catch up on all emails. Had a ridiculous amt. accumulated over the sumer. Over 4000. Told u it was ridiculous. busy summer it was jst be4 the sumer an we was all happy bout the an breakin up..an when we all 1st tlking to eachother "/ - this day was funny too . with vanessa in the sumer holliday I don't miss sumer as much as I hate fall & winter. If you don't like the cold... you're gonna LOVE NYC... DANG!!! we spent a few days there on the 'something with numbers' / ellington twloha sumer love tour last nov. LOVE IT! goodmorning i think sumer is gone now, the sky looks grey I'm to think that it wasn't so to pick Sumer and Babylonians as my topic in the AP take-home quiz/essay O_O Chit Chat with Sumer Grissom - There's no spring or autumn anymore. Just sumer and winter. hye sumer..komem my new pic ek.... ...
-- i'm sure orwell had the same concerns writing "nineteen eighty-four". :) Love really interesting to see George Orwell's diaries on Twitter. What is going on with that profile pic though :-) doing a on george orwell's 1984. love the book, hate the work. :) Have decided to reading a George Orwell book, feel intellectual. But not as intellectual as when I read a History of Modern Russia :-) dictatorship hooray! :) dictatorship hooray! :) teabots :-) I think Mr Orwell summed it up best - "2 wheels good, 4 wheels bad".. yay! i finished the huxley and orwell thing :D at the Elizabeth Orwell so I might have to be posh and drink wine! Lol :) carl and mo, mo used to work in millers, going too
on this Kippur: My Atoner to the tune of The Knack's My Sharona.
im praying u'r safe wherever u r ryt now..kip smilin=) Back home again that night,driving back down,later 4,just in time 2 pay babysitter, get some hours kip in 4 next day work! KiP On Wa8TiNG fOr THe BoY i LoVE>> cHAR oIe!HAHAhahA Hi guys..sori if i haven't bin tweeting much..2 my new followers..i luv u!!kip following..b tweeting wen i get bck..got 2 go!luv u! New blog posting, $109.99 - JetWay JNC62K-LF AM2 /AM2 NVIDIA GeForce 8200 Mini ITX AMD Motherboard - Retail - I have vitamin C and cold remedies to give it a good blast, but will aim to stay up now until dusk & then get really solid kip haha yes we must get rid of that cold :) i hope you manage to get some kip mate ") KIP WINGER - South American Solo Tour Schedule Updated, New Audio Interview Online: WINGER frontman Kip Winger .. ure such a gud person kc kea di ka nawawala sa showbiz..kip it up gurl! stay humble..:) wow! thats great vanessa,,kip it up Nabeh. Cant wait t freaking stop d tweet update via sms shit. Its so bloody annoying w msgs kip cm out each time ppl tweet. Is not feeling bad at all from the wine last night - although could of done with an hours more kip .. if someone wasnt snoring !!! sending all my prayers and love to my brothers abroad..kip safe guyz..!! *lol uz a fool u knw.hahaha,pls kip em comin*@IllSkillz_v2: if we drink garri,what do models drink?..BVLGARRI!! ... eh c kim bum ba aman ang guest nyo,,,ndi na kataka taka un!!!i luv ur show elive & wowowee!!!kip up da gud work!!! KIP WINGER - South American Solo Tour Schedule Updated, New Audio Interview Online: WINGER frontman Kip Winger .. right. loved ones gone to purchase clothes for one small one. me, i'm gonna see if i can kip it for a couple of hours. Hungarian meet later. ur defo in need of a gud kip then y u not slept much?? thanks man I will :) have a good nights kip and I'll enjoy the footy (soccer) :) dont yah wori guiz.. god will guide and provide.. just kip on praying.... don't worry, when they get a bit older they'll watch cebeebies for a few hours while u can get an few hours extra kip!! :) Now that was a good kip. I don't think the coco pops were a good idea late at nightind you, m still loaded,huh! bong's transfer is one,well, well both kip praying very hard that God will grant that ASAP...hrap natlaga ng mlayo!!!! Thought breakfast was a good idea but after 3hrs kip I feel rough as a badgers backside. Oh God why does the cleaner have to hoover so loud JUST when im happy with being my age and having a late and october wants to fly by! wut the flip kip? You know, with the right material you could be a good comic. Hope you have a good kip. glad to hear from you. Was worried Yom Kip headache turned into something nastier or the train option had seemed too inviting. in English countryside making pressed ham with Kip ok now goodnight (:Current strm typhoon Pharma aka Pepeng: Speed 195-210Kp/Hr, category 4 not 5. That is as of 1130pm 10-01-09. Kip Safe ... some of these pple lyk us d others r foes bt we'll kip growin lyk soyinka's afro get it u knw its our band ryt wanted: some1 who'll kip me company on a gig, haha or sponsor, my bitch frend lj,i miss her so much! <==sure bet gigig toh,harhar go go go mr. chiz...hahaha... i attended the last y4it seminar at up..iv watched u...u r so great...hehehe kip it up mr.senator Lv is all i got tried2 hate 1nce bt i cud nt,so2 all my hater kip hatin n i'll keep lvin do ur job n i'll do myn we'll c @ last who will win Hope dis dnt kip me waitin 2day!Baby shower tym then l8a midrand baybay!Lets go* Yesssss! (Kip's Voice) krayzee krayzee day in the city with ben ryan kip dan liz erica olivia mary-kate catherine da bday girl zoe dakota etc.; im dead Good Morning! Plan: Take Kate's Sister to wedding. Visit her Gran. Supermarket shopping. Long walk with Sam while Kate gets some kip. x dos hu thank GOD evn in trials turn da brden in2 blessngs so kip ur faith close 2 ur & GOD shall prvide da com4t u nid hve a blessed dy Good adds to the "everything" music moments kip. I hadn't heard the Nick Cave tune before. Of course the Bob tune... work again till 1 then bootsale afternoon kip church then pub I, we, need, fellowship. Kip packer kind of fellowship is priority for sure. Thank god for the dudes/dettes In Your life and take advantage. this Saturday with Kid Kip, AuB DnB, Realyze Kru, Karizma and others in Auburn at the hidden field behind Che ... KIP trying to hav a kip....but my tummy is way 2 full of mcdonalds :( i dont want 2 go out again!!! stoopie The journey begins. 15 hours and I'll be in LA. Looking forward to some well deserved kip and possibly a personal triamph on the plane. early nov. ill be leaving lbas tau minsan,..kip me posted,. hello everyone! kip in touch.. God Bless!
Broward ophthalmologist arrested on corruption charges was a ...: By Josh Hafenbrack and Aaron Deslatte Tallaha.. Broward ophthalmologist arrested on corruption charges was a ...: Wednesday, he was indicted on federal corrupt.. Broward ophthalmologist arrested on corruption charges was a ...: Wednesday, he was indicted on federal corrupt.. Broward ophthalmologist arrested on corruption charges was a Tallahassee power broker: Florida politicians of a.. Broward ophthalmologist arrested on corruption charges was a Tallahassee power broker Ophthalmologist - Rochester, NY Get Physician Jobs Ophthalmologist dealing in Summerlin is going to see the ophthalmologist today. Hopefully the eye problems will be treatable. Consultant Ophthalmologist (ER) - Riyadh: Pulse International is looking for a Consultant Ophthalmologist for t.. Interview with SRSsoft EMR CEO Evan Steele : AccuSource Career ...: *A solo practicing ophthalmologist had SRS .. No. I tried to get my ophthalmologist to do my eyebrows while she worked on my eye, but she refused. I am a consultant Ophthalmologist.I run my own clinic in PALAMVIHAR,GURGAON.INDIA have the dr check for optic neuritis, hun.Should go to a neuro-ophthalmologist as a regular one can't really treat it.Good luck We'll see on the vision. Seeing an ophthalmologist today (2nd referral) and hope there will be no permanent sight loss. Did you... actually get a PAPER CUT on your EYE? Get thee to an ophthalmologist holy shit is that really how it's spelled? Hunh. Hollywood eye doctor arrested in fraud probe: Dr. Alan Mendelsohn, 51, a Hollywood ophthalmologist, is also acc.. Hollywood eye doctor arrested in fraud probe: Dr. Alan Mendelsohn, 51, a Hollywood ophthalmologist, is also acc.. Hollywood eye doctor arrested in fraud probe: Dr. Alan Mendelsohn, 51, a Hollywood ophthalmologist, is also acc.. Hollywood eye doctor arrested in fraud probe: Dr. Alan Mendelsohn, 51, a Hollywood ophthalmologist, is also acc.. Hollywood eye doctor arrested in fraud probe: Dr. Alan Mendelsohn, 51, a Hollywood ophthalmologist, is also acc.. Tomorrow I have a lovely date with the ophthalmologist! i just said "obstetrician" instead of "ophthalmologist". To my boss. Color me embarrassed. Read the indictment against Dr. Alan Mendelsohn, a Hollywood ophthalmologist who's raised millions for FL politicians. Ophthalmologist needed Jacksonville, FL: Saw the ophthalmologist yesterday; everything is normal, I'm just very very nearsighted. On the way out I asked about reading glasses... Congrats on what seems a very successful and popular conf All strength to you! -Dr. Giridhar, Ophthalmologist, India. Don't look for Henne to flinging it downfield: If the Dolphins offense visited an ophthalmologist, it wou.. Don't look for Henne to flinging it downfield: If the Dolphins offense visited an ophthalmologist, it wou.. Bella's hot spot problem is healing up and her eye is looking much better. Maybe she won't have to go to the ophthalmologist after all. yayyy guess who gets to see ANOTHER doctor? an ophthalmologist? this should be fun... Urgent care doctor didn't help for crap. Ophthalmologist appt. @ 2:15 I can see 20/20 because of Patricia Bath... inventor and Ophthalmologist! She is 2 years older than I am! Praise the Lord! Patricia Bath - Ophthalmologist, inventor of th "apparatus for ablating & removing cataract lenses" & later dubbed it th "Laserphaco Probe Just back from the ophthalmologist. My pupils look like I consumed lot of drugs, can't focus on anything. *meh* New blog post: Riyadh: Neuro-Ophthalmologist New blog post: Riyadh: Neuro-Ophthalmologist New blog post: Riyadh: Neuro-Ophthalmologist New blog post: Riyadh: Neuro-Ophthalmologist New blog post: Riyadh: Neuro-Ophthalmologist Published a new post: Riyadh: Neuro-Ophthalmologist New blog post: Riyadh: Neuro-Ophthalmologist Job Opening for a Pediatric Ophthalmologist in LA and Orange County, CA. Candidates can send their CV to Smethin is wrong with my eyes.I just cant looking at my lappy & concentrate.Its affecting my work. Need to see an ophthalmologist urgently. so according to my doctor, I need an Ophthalmologist. Are you F'ing kidding me!!! Time to see a witch doctor. I ... who is the best ophthalmologist in hubli / Dharwad? The ophthalmologist took my vision test. Then she asked "do you wear contact lens right now?" Haha. Do I look like wearing contact lenses? off to have a very nice man looking deeply into my eyes...my ophthalmologist, that is :-) i am an ophthalmologist,currentely working in Doha-Qatar Ophthalmologist receives Prize for preventing blindness (includes video) Just came home from ophthalmologist for my daughter. New prescription again. Need to get cool frames for her.
should the election of elders be congregationalist or elders should elect more elders and let the congregation know about it? should the election of elders be congregationalist or elders should elect more elders and let the congregation know about it? Acts 6
: Chinese Medicine Massage Cures Diseases in Good Effects: Climacteric Syndrome (Menopause Syndrome) Democracy=menopause of Western society, the Grand Climacteric of body social. Fascism=mid-aged lust~Jean Baudrillard<< heavy!! Democracy is the menopause of Western society, the Grand Climacteric of the body social. Fascism is its middle-aged lust~Jean Baudrillard
Dimmer- Degrees Of Existence - Al's Bar - 17 Oct: On Oasis' "Don't Go Away"... Must get out of bed. Getting dimmer outside. MOVE FORWARD! 3 of 6 lights in my kitchen are out-it's like a dimmer u can't control Was driving down LSD; it just me or does the city seem dimmer than usual? I mean seriously... you are dimmer than an energy saving light bulb.... Played handyman this week. Replaced faulty dimmer light switch and cracked toilet seat. Mucho fun. buy the dimmer and smoke it at my house... i can get t's later... ... You don't have them on a dimmer or something do you? TD Bank computer glitch gives customers headaches: Jim Galvin, a film industry dimmer board operator from Union.. No fear of that in the present circumstance. Not a fan of dimmer circuits as it is...hard on incandescents, even. "Lights get dimmer down biggies hallway" BIG went in on this cut, O! EVERYDAY THAT GOES BY, THE LIGHT OF THE WORLD, THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA IS GETTING DIMMER, WHAT TO DO? Kinkade painting Picture Light with Dimmer Switch 14.5" David Dimmer: We have updated our homepage for fall! - has that damn eye pain again and can't transition well from dimmer to brighter places... what's wrong with them!!?? My reality is significantly dimmer than the reality of those whose dreams you reality is brighter than." wrap your head around that mindfuck ADB MIKAPACK - Our new 6 Channel dimmer rack/pack - "Best headline I\'ve seen lately: Electric fish come equipped with dimmer" Jobs keep disappearing And with them the chances for a sustained recovery will grow dimmer. and : 2 outlets (lamps) and one dimmer switch (i can wire in) that I want to control with an IR remote. The invitation hasn't gone through yet. How long did it take your invitees? Arduino: Alarm clock remote dimmer= sunrise alarm My last dimmer switch burst into flames and wouldn't switch off. Had to pull the fuse before I could put it out. Scary! No dimmers anymore. Most energy saving bulbs won't work with dimmer switches. But who wants to dim an energy saving bulb? It is times like these when i was in my bathroom at home just for the dimmer :/ it gets dimmer and raindrops to fall :( Check out While_you_were_Sleeping 5 (Empathy Demo Remix) - 01 Innersphere (Dimmer Mix) on Detroit got a little dimmer when Jack White moved to TN if only the darkness was brighter, and the lightness was dimmer I could finally see the world through candle light. Good Nite! Sorry all my pix came thru out of order. We had no reception during dimmer. Think I still don't ;-) Battery-Operated Electric Fish Come With a Dimmer Switch Feature - Rest in peace Kitty Sexton. The world is a little dimmer without your light. Does The Electric Fish Have A Dimmer? "lights get dimmer down mattx's hallway" Hey, headlights. At least use the dimmer switch. Are you staying there tonight? What's he getting for pain med? PCA? I have never heard a good joke in a doctor's waiting room. Today's at matey bonhomie by dim & dimmer is no exception. Going out to dimmer days get dimmer the nights get even longer, my patience grows slimmer .....together..will we?? i wonder... Cheap wooted Wi-Fi box should be in today, so I can build the chicken-cam. Oh, and cobbled up an inline dimmer last night for the heat lamp. Depletion or Drano as a Dimmer Switch for Cues (interesting read) - FPT 21: A dimmer switch hides lots Depletion or Drano as a Dimmer Switch for Cues (JCR study via Psychology Today) David Dimmer: Alternatives to Traditional Business Cards - we have even more concepts in our office! - Reviewed Dimmer's epic Remissions 2xLP, full of tape noise.
its so fucked up hearing the kid i would play with n beat up n still be friends with be dying sick =( What is the best way to beat seth on street fighter 4 Goal for the day... Beat Power Rangers for the SNES! I beat ya by half hour I'm on my way to work now Finally gave into this facebook shit...If you can't beat em...join em... JAMLEGEND!!! can't beat STEVE VAI for 10k jamcash and secret box.... x/ ...u cant stop the beat! snap, can't beat it doesn't matter, is so much nice n' cool (yeah, yeah...beat me) Now on 1st Wave: I Confess by English Beat Thank You to all No campaigners for your It was always gonna be tough to beat the lies of our government. Up and ready for the day. Think I've just about beat this cold. Thinking about the family as a "redemptive community." doesn't matter, is so much nice n' cool (yeah, yeah...beat me) how bout u havin ta stop cuz sumbody wuz gettin day ass beat by security in da front row...crazy.... How To Beat Fear - Helpful Tips: WE BEAT BELLMONT 33-28 Watching Japan Open figureskating. It means 'Beat Mao Asada!', which Joanie Rochette doesn't say... ''To the beat of my Beat the Just pulled into East Lancing (who is a woman of illrepute) Buddingup Founder Helps Jobless Students, Grads Beat Unemployment in ... - University of Waterloo co-op.. ha! i just beat my friend in brain buddies..and i just send her dark night that saying "whos your daddy know? Buddingup Founder Helps Jobless Students, Grads Beat Unemployment in ... - University of Waterloo co-op.. Flash: "Group keeps civic beat" Victory beat Roar 2-1. I am a winner! beat arvada west in three. :) Back from rugby, Methody beat us, no surprise, I got into a fight with their out half over whether I was blocking his kick chases. feel the beat OMG I JUST BEAT AN ELITE PLAYER NAMED DAWGDAWG on OMGPOP... TWICE! And the Mumbai beat office! I'd kill to work ina place that looks like that :) Dad bought a perfume for mom, the lady asked for his number for registration. My dad w/o skipping a beat said "Sorry Im married"=)) Touche. Beat your Bible Thumper to that passage with your cell phone. The mobile Bible on the Largest Cellular Network. . Best of MO: Members early-bird at 7 a.m. General admission at 9 a.m. Beat the lines - Buy tix online: 6193m. Beat that. very civilsed. A brit would never rock the beat TOO far :) I just got up to 42858 in Beat that! "I beat that pu$$y like a porno star, a Pro,pro,pro.." So Sexy Ft. treyfatale and the world keeps spinnin round n round nd my keeps in time 2 the speed of sound, u cant stop the beat! On the bus heading to the game. Need that win today. Have to be able to beat Gillingham? Lend me your ears and I will educate your mind. You don't beat bullies, you teach them tolerance. I just played "Crazy Taxi" and scored: 36359 (ranked 5166th overall)! Beat it: I suppose after beat generation twitter is the next big thing.... Football plus great food?? Who can beat that? =) I just got up to 10833 in Beat that! beat.: I'm reading at Fuse tomorrow (Sunday 4th October) - - went to this cafe called Beat Street Cafe in Christchurch Coolest. Place. Ever! Twins will need to execute small-ball perfectly today to beat AL Cy Young favorite Greinke. well...I just got beat'in up my Sonic (Brad) =.= IM. OK.
Were this a Brooks song, the thunder would the murder of a cheating spouse. Possibly by gun, just as likely by truck. Secret free money refund from BSU appears. This is a good me know how you make your chicken ala max's :) SAFC: Reserves: Man Utd 4 Sunderland 0: Sunderland Reserves were well beaten at Manchester United; hopefully not a for the .. South winds this afternoon = return of humid - but yesterday was great of beautiful days to come! "The Look of Love" by ABC just came on the radio. This can only be a of good things to come this week-end. it must, surely it must, be a of rather fine cakes to come! LMAO @ Modern Family , the return of American Hero Ed O Neill to TV this fall is a that make me feel good about the world's future This is a to the Leafs season. Yeah, a disturbing for my future. :-) - Wow, just wow. And that's not about the LOL gray, humid, muggy, the air heavy with but the streets still as can be...no guests, no tourists, and yesterday, no whales Having lunch with the kids at Tootsies in Brighton. They remembered us from last time. Hope that's not a Ominous / Your future lies in darkness / Find the hidden light Should that sound quite so much like the of doom that it does? Suffering badly with pre match nerves. A solitary magpie on the school playing field this pm an ill for the top of the league toon. Is this a of things to come? Apple rumored to be reaching out to publishers about print to Reminder: VHS new exhibition, "The John Brown's Raid in American Memory", opens on October 10th. Check it out! Reminder: VHS new exhibition, "The John Brown's Raid in American Memory", opens on October 10th. Come and check it out! Heh, dunno if this is a - a gardening crew came round today & cut down a tree that 'd been blocking my flat windows - I have LIGHT! a heralding the end of days, perhaps? a heralding the end of days, perhaps? a heralding the end of days, perhaps? Base et Mobistar plainte contre Belgacom : Haha we have a new street light no more darkness for us; too bad for you street corner! No incandescence for you! Today, a strange An omen is something I have never witnessed, shall I be superstitious? Strangely, this was also 'prophesied'. If Harry Potter was the for an onslaught of wiccans, they must have mastered invisibility first Received new "Health Handbook" from the COD today. It fell open at Irritable Bowel Syndrome; is this a Ga. Cuts National-Board Here's a story that could be a of things to come: Word count of final document: 666. Divine inspirations or a of things to come? Blog: Ga. Cuts National-Board Here's a story that could be a of things to come: Geo.. It is truly a that you are in traffic when you are no longer making a WOOOSH noise. I love those days when everyone decides to call me early in the morning. Is this a to what kind of day it will be? Alas I must move mostly in evenings, lunches and weekends for a time. It is a good for me so give thanks. :) I'm frightened by religious folks that find reference to 35W in the scripture. No doubt of the bridge fall is there 2.. Dear God, was the nightmare I had a couple of nights ago a of things to come? I pray it's not so. I don't like strangulation. Amen. Definitely an idea I have to think about. Good luck with The 2! How many pages have you finished for 2 already? Good morning Twitter. I'm sniffly, an occurence of dire Good morning Twitter. I'm sniffly, an occurence of dire of a bad day: when you wake up with MLTR's "25 minutes" in your head. and you can't get rid of it. Scary for Twitter assassination meme? Just bought a CZ75 Pistol. Black crow on my car ... Omen? Messenger? Attracted to tall boots? What shall I make of this? of things to come. The impossible .... possible. Cyborg beetle flies by wireless. Catching the train on Monday morning is a positive for the new week. worst overnight in months, hope this isn't a of things to come! it's already scratched. Is the shitty quality of the card a of the quality of the course? More here at
Oh nooooooo! I just reminded you of something scary? :( But but I'm sure it can't be bad! :D :D heh? heh? because he's like the Dude version of | Hilarious! :) ~hilarious? u mean scary :P Scary film time :P anyone suggest anything? :) ahhhhhh!!! just got a scary ass forward and I'm scared to go to bed now :( when do the steelers play? :) Where you thinking of applying? :) Its so scary that there are NO jobs here :S :( Ok enough of my scary spamming :) what's the worst that can happen? no reply :( you know i get confused fast. lol :( she is very loveable. :D what scary show? xD haha i'd love to =) unless....is your math teacher scary? :P really??? why??? 0_o Scary! :( Ok! Thanks for telling me! Well can you help us too? :) ken ae :( like i said, lack of internets is upsetting. IM SO DISCONNECTED ITS SCARY D: wbu? :) what's new? ooh that sounds niceee :) scary flicks? :P
couldn't get past step 2 of the app one trip to rainier does not a climber make You're Give it a shot :-) (via 70kg climber!!! I'd be rapt to become a 110kg climber!! :) Keen to hear what you're doing. just finished most of your 1st program..your gonna be a 70kg climber sooner than you thnk :) you know, we've always thought Caia (aka little climber) was a lot like her Uncle Chris in MANY ways... :) Oh wow! Well I'm no pro climber, but what are the deets? :) - Rock a mix of the stair climber/eliptical next time :) thanks for Rock Climber review :) My oldest boy (8) can't decide if he wants to be an astronaut or a rock climber. I told him he could do both :) yes :) Did Chuck like it:))?? i was 2 hours on the tread climber with chuck :) Did Chuck like it:))?? i was 2 hours on the tread climber with chuck :) i was 2 hours on the tread climber with chuck :) lol, NICE... hehe, what's social climber means? :D this air climber works miracles :) or at least it better cause i can feel thee burn... On the upside, I now have 10 roses: 1 old climber, 1 new climber, 5 bushes in front, 2 ground cover in back, 1 "tattooed lady" in pot. :) Will so totally buy those shoes: purple - mountain climber style - almost 3'' heels - frickin' SWEEET! tweet tweet. :) happy, love the shoes
Max sustained winds plugged at 175kph with gustiness reaching 210kph. Basco, Batanes better prepare for tomorrow's forecasted onslaught. The picture: At 8:30 am forecast, PARMA maintained strength at 175 kph max sus winds and gustiness of 210 kph.... w/ max sustained winds of 175 kph & gustiness of up to 210 kph. PEPENG is now packing winds of 120kph with gustiness of 100 Breaking News: Accrdng to Pag-asa, accelerated ... by its sustained speed of 175kph * gustiness of 210kph,2mrw morning it was predictd to be out of Phil Area of Reponsibility(PAR) As of 11AM, Typhoon PEPENG continues to move 17Kph towards Cagayan, winds around 175Kph and gustiness up to 210Kph. 150 km south east Apari. 175 kph maximum sustain wind. 210 kpg gustiness. no storm signal in metro manila but will still experience rain. Now Raining (not heavily) with a bit of gustiness in South Metro (P'que / Las Pinas Area). Typhoon Pepeng / Parma continues to move towards Cagayan with the max winds of 175 kph & gustiness of 210 kph . PAGASA: Typhoon Pepeng has maximum sustained winds of 175 kph and gustiness of up to 210 kph, moving to Pagasa, as of Oct3, 11am: Typhoon continues to move towards Cagayan. Max winds of 175 kph, gustiness of up to 210 kph PAGASA: Typhoon Pepeng has maximum sustaind winds of175 kph &gustiness of up to 210 kph, moving 2 tip of Cagayan.@suzy899 PAGASA: Typhoon Pepeng has maximum sustained winds of 175 kph and gustiness of up to 210 kph, moving to tip of Cagayan. PAGASA:TyphoonPepeng hasmaximum sustainedwinds of 175kph&gustiness of up 2 210 kph,moving 2 tip of Cagayan. AGASA: Typhoon Pepeng has maximum sustained winds of 175 kph and gustiness of up to 210 kph, moving to tip of Cagayan. Typhoon Pepeng has maximum sustained winds of 175 kph and gustiness of up to 210 kph, moving NW to tip of Cagayan. PAGASA:Typhoon Pepeng has maximum sustained winds of 175 kph and gustiness of up to 210 kph, moving to tip of Cagayan. PAGASA: Typhoon Pepeng has maximum sustained winds of 175 kph and gustiness of up to 210 kph, moving to tip of Cagayan PAGASA: Typhoon Pepeng has maximum sustained winds of 175 kph and gustiness of up to 210 kph, moving to tip of Cagayan. Typhoon "PEPENG" 260 kms Southeast of Aparri, Cagayan maximum winds of 175 kph and gustiness of up to 210 kph. As of 4AM, Pepeng was located SE of Aparri, Cagayan with winds up to 175kph and gustiness up to 210kph moving NW at 17kph. Rain stopped but still have dark clouds & wind picked up occasional gustiness here in San Pedro, Laguna. down to 210kph gustiness as of 5am. No longer a Super Cagayan with maximum sustained winds of 175 kph and gustiness of up to 210 kph. It is forecast to move at 17 kph. (2) Woke up to an overcast morning here @ but neither any flood or gustiness yet. will keep providing situation updates typhoon "pepeng", max sustained winds:175 kph; gustiness: up to 210 kph, moving at 13 kph. Maximum sustained winds of 175 kph near center and gustiness of up to 210 kph. Movement: at 13 kph. Pepeng weakened to max sustained winds of 175 kph near center & gustiness of up to 210 kph. it's said to hit N.Cagayan tom eve. A sof 10:12 PM 212.9 kph sustained winds with gustiness of 259 kph. still very strong. Rain steadily pouring, wind picking up speed and gustiness here in San Pedro, Laguna. Rain steadily pouring, wind picking up speed and gustiness here in San Pedro, Laguna. 212.9 kph sustained winds with gustiness of 259 kph. still very strong. 212.9 kph sustained winds with gustiness of 259 kph. still very strong. On tv, As of 8pm, pepeng 200kms ene of virac with 195kph winds and 230kph gustiness. Landfall tomorrow evening. On tv, As of 8pm, pepeng 200kms ene of virac with 195kph winds and 230kph gustiness. Landfall tomorrow evening. On tv, As of 8pm, pepeng 200kms ene of virac with 195kph winds and 230kph gustiness. Landfall tomorrow evening. Rain steadily pouring, wind picking up speed and gustiness here in San Pedro, Laguna. Rain steadily pouring, wind picking up speed and gustiness here in San Pedro, Laguna. 212.9 kph sustained winds with gustiness of 259 kph. still very strong. Rain steadily pouring, wind picking up speed and gustiness here in San Pedro, Laguna. Whew 230kph ang gustiness ni Pepeng.. haayyy Lord make us safe.. says {PEPENG UPDATE} Pepeng maximum sustained winds of 195 km/h and 230 gustiness. Metro Manila still on signa... yes it already did. we're experiencing wind brought by its tailend. Id say about 60 kph gustiness. At 4:00 p.m., Pepeng has maximum sustained winds of 195 kph and gustiness of up to 230 kph. It is forecast to move West at 13 kph At 4:00 PM, Peping located 150km NNE of Virac, Cataduanes with max sustained winds of 195kph and gustiness up to 230kph as of 4pm: pepeng has a maximum sustained wind of 195kph w/ gustiness of 230kph heading to of luzon. experiencing strong winds with gustiness from the southwest. rain is moderate. PEPENG IS NOT WEAK. 220kph gustiness is no way weak -i say expect heavier longer rain due to it slowing down
BBC NEWS: Fossil finds extend human story: An ancient apelike creature that may be a direct ancestor to our spe.. BBC NEWS: Fossil finds extend human story: An ancient apelike creature that may be a direct ancestor to our spe.. some tall apelike gargantuan dude gonna get a perm and it down the middle? lmao 666 = conditioned (apelike) behaviour
Confessions Of A Renegade Joint Venture Broker. - In A Fulminant Interview, Willie Crawford Reveal How To... fulminant liver failure when acute hepatitis progress to fulminan Confessions Of A Renegade Joint Venture Broker.: In A Fulminant Interview, Willie Crawford Reveal How To Build ..
yepp. and they chipped my window D= now millies pissed and wants to find the d00d multiple brusies/ cuts, a swollen knee cap and a chipped front tooth. hitting preston again next thursday.i think so :] Just dropped his BB and chipped it! Pretty deep chip too! Makes me very mad! OMG THIS TOOTH HAA ITS ONLY A TEENY TINY LITTLE BIT THATS CHIPPED BUT ITS SO ANNOYING LMAO :| GEDDIT OUTTT ! My nail varnish is chipped. Shit I'm on my way to my first band competition today. My reed is really chipped though. I hope it pulls through for me. No reed = no sound Was about to curse all Epson employees with Thought they had chipped the printer for 'epson only' ink. The mandolin player of my bands was played on Radio 1 last night with his own band Marshall Chipped. Congrats to him. lol my molar tooth got chipped XD Just scolded Volka severely for chewing the ceramic tiles till it chipped off. He's guiltly sitting at 1 corner. No one drinks from a chipped glass, yet it still holds water all the same. Wtf, my nail just chipped. >=( Damn.. I just chipped my front tooth. Happy fuckin bday just found out today that I chipped a bone in my elbow and am done with for 2 months fml ... they're here.... just watched one tile break as he chipped off the old concrete..... more money! I got it. Patio/patois. Easy peasy. Bit too subtle though. (not chipped in for a bit - not twittering on computer much at mo) paint is chipped in several places and theres a dent. Not chipped not cracked..shattered that's deep Black chipped nail polish looks hot on guys' fingernails, but not this gal's fingernails.. ITZ NOT CHIPPED...WE NOT KRACKED...OOOOH WE SHATTERED.. Becky laughed at me when I chipped Darlene's ceiling with my hand when I was pretending to dance with Edward Cu ... word to the chipped polish or following new ppl? chipped nail polish! ugh! or when its chipped up soo bad its only a dot of pilish on the nail..omg! like get nail polish remover Cause u got a chipped tooth It looked chipped, but it was just dead skin. Ew, right? Hahahaa .. At least my nail's perfect =D [They were chipping, so I painted again.] currently taking off my nailpolish. i hate the look of chipped polish! just found out today that I chipped a bone in my elbow and am done with for 2 months or maybe longer FML ... ...its not chipped its not cracked it broken... Chipped headlight.... Fucking awesome. Ugh! Moved and nails were painted russian navy. Now a chipped up mess :( "wtf my nail chipped..?" olivia just found out today that I chipped a bone in my elbow and am done with for 2 months or maybe longerFML ... I chipped my tooth it blows Davidson Scores Impressive 2-1 Home Win Over UNCG : Senior Conner# (Mechanicsburg, Pa.) chipped in a re.. - got a new grill for his The family all chipped it. Lovin it. Grille asparagus London broil and a Ma ... i painted my nails a week ago and they still haven't chipped off very much. this stuff is like... super nail polish or some shit. interesting link abotu Kiva. i knew loans were disbursed b4 ppl like us chipped in but thsi gave more detail "were not chipped, were not cracked, oh were shattered..." --air ionizer by picking the toy up and running full speed into it. chipped some of the fan blades and now it is running all choppy. just found out today that I chipped a bone in my elbow and am done for 2 months FML ... I had to do that too. I chipped my front tooth in a biking accident, and it was a pain to fix, but you can hardly tell now. "he's got a chipped tooth"-me "guy it's not chipped it's gone! They all got the crackled teeth"-india hahha Youth are now on thier way out of town for "Souled Out" Youth Retreat 2009! Thanks to all the adults that chipped in to make it possible. a freshly chipped tooth?! omg i do that all the time!! it soo bad. i almost chipped a tooth once hahah. No laser tag for a lil bit cause some kids got and they chipped teeth and bleedin. Best round of year, 45-39-84 at beautiful, but long and tough and soggy (no roll today) Blythefield CC in Grand Rapids. Chipped in a 60-ftr
See 'Help us Save our Planet' and 'Bad for Mankind' by Tony Palfrey on Every dog lover should New info. by me Search by Tony Palfrey A wagging Tale Seek popular/academic blog posts/data that refute concept of Mark Prensky's (& John Palfrey's) "digital natives" concept. I do that too, from time to time. At least I'm not adding "FOR PORN" to everyone else's statements any more. is currently humming along to "The Internet is for Porn". Note to self: don't do this *too* loudly while on the Tube... is now getting out of his office, and a weekend of social things. We now have 'net at home as well, so these things may not mix... See 'Help us Save our Planet' and 'Bad for Mankind' by Tony Palfrey on Need to read Born Digital by John Palfrey "Born Figital" by Palfrey and Gasser (Michael Stephens ) Wow! Thanks for that re: the I am Tony Palfrey the author. All my on Search under author. prospective parliamentary candidate. It's a bit of a RISC I know... First interpretation of that: he's being an old-school Mac? Huh? Every dog lover should New info. by me Search by Tony Palfrey A wagging Tale LIVE WEBCAST NOW: John Palfrey testifies on cyberbullying before House Subcommittee LIVE WEBCAST: Palfrey testifies on cyberbullying before House ... fascinating read. Thanks for sharing Prof. Palfrey testifies on cyberbullying b4 US House subcomm. LIVE WEBCAST NOW. Prof. Palfrey testifies on cyberbullying b4 US House subcomm. LIVE WEBCAST NOW. LIVE WEBCAST NOW: John Palfrey testifies on cyberbullying before House Subcommittee John Palfrey testifies on cyberbullying before House Subcommittee: 3pm ET: John Palfrey testifies on cyberbullying before House Subcommittee LIVE WEBCAST: Palfrey testifies on before House subcommittee Harvard Law School LIVE WEBCAST: Palfrey testifies on before House subcommittee Harvard Law School LIVE WEBCAST AT 3pm: Prof. Palfrey testifies on cyberbullying before House subcommittee LIVE WEBCAST AT 3pm: Prof. Palfrey testifies on cyberbullying before House subcommittee LIVE WEBCAST AT 3pm: Prof. Palfrey testifies on cyberbullying before House subcommittee is considering a Jedi bathrobe Fast Company does a good on singularities in general. If you don't know what I'm talking about, read it. Today, 9/30, at 3pm ET: John Palfrey testifies on cyberbullying before a House Subcommittee Today, 9/30, at 3pm ET: John Palfrey testifies on cyberbullying before the House Subcommittee on Crime... ... Today, 9/30, at 3pm ET: John Palfrey testifies on cyberbullying before the House Subcommittee on Crime... I can decode simple things, just not the JSON string that Google is currently giving me. Off to find a JSON validator. I can decode simple things, just not the JSON string that Google is currently giving me for some shared items. The *decode* fails? Sounds like something's very buggered if you can't decode at all - should be a standardised form! Please don't stop on Deborah J. Palfrey, she did not commit suicide, she was murdered. Please. See 'Help us Save our Planet' and 'Bad for Mankind' by Tony Palfrey on Reading Born Digital by Palfrey & Gasser. Digital Natives vs. Digital Immigrants. Fascinating. P. S. We are Digital Immigrants. Katie, I hope someone is still covering the Deborah Palfrey story. She did not commit suicide, she was murdered. Laura in MT Tomorrow: John Palfrey testifies on cyberbullying before the House Subcommittee on Crime: Tomorrow: [HLSL director] John Palfrey testifies on cyberbullying before House Subcommittee on Crime: Tomorrow: John Palfrey testifies on cyberbullying before the House Subcommittee on Crime: Depends on ongoing maintenance costs, if they're actually entirely better than flesh limbs, etc, etc. Too many factors. hates SVN, and so wants a proper revision control system.... Bragging about books I read while @ work :D Excited, am inceput Born Digital, John Palfrey and Urs Gasser /loves the new office Every dog lover should New info. by me Search by Tony Palfrey A wagging Tale Onion has their greatest headline ever: Cat Congress Mired in Sunbeam See 'Help us Save our Planet' and 'Bad for Mankind' by Tony Palfrey on
